*\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Kernel-level
Intent\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--*

*\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Nature Respecting Nature\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--*

*\-\-\--Find FallingInAndOutOfLove() and Play\-\-\-\--*

*\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Hara Hachi
Bu\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--*

*\-\-\-\--Spin the wheel, even if for 1 degree\-\-\-\-\-\-\--*

**- 29 July 2024 - **

**Wow.. what a beautiful morning sky.**

Good morning, my friend.

\"Sa ne bucuram ca a mai venit o zi.. si sa facem bine cat putem.\"

**Games to play today:**

Yardi - Log time

Neo - Create the Food_Prophet page, work on Llama3.1 transcendence,
sebastian Neural Networks

**Project Liberation:Leia.**

Its time to let go of the dukkha here.

It is one of her gifts here on Earth, the sex symbol.

Let\'s see if we can create greatness out of it.

**- 28 July 2024-**

**Purpose, my friend.**

**A purpose will allow the eating to be approached in true Faith,
Wisdom, Hunger, Dhamma Food and Craving.**

**Faith - A strong, core belief that nothing is wrong in this world. Not
a single flap of a fly.**

**Now go play your part here on Earth, whatever that may be.**

**Wisdom - Knowledge from previous studies and recollection of all
things needing Recollection. \~ Sampajana**

**\~ These two are highly conditioned and condition the Body & Mind
Conditioners (Health, Acidic level) - although it is not enough.**

**These 3 realms embody the The Soul, The Mind and The Body. Faith,
Wisdom and All body systems well functioning.**

**If the first two are cultivated at the beginning of any activity,
dhamma cultivates. Piti.**

**Then the Mind will be doing something succesfully, whatever that may
be.**

**As soon as suffering rises in any of the body\'s systems - or Mind -
the first 2 pillar are shaken.**

**As they shaken, fog rises upon the unfolding of the dhamma activity.**

**Eate some dhamma bowl - then stop little while.**

**Body is craving more - and no purpose is set at evening.**

**Again, no purpose set at evening.**

**Re-connect sleeps for now, Neo no clear purpose, The Mover enclosed in
house.**

**Seaching for evening dhamma activity\... CQ hunt no VIP and things to
reflect upon.**

**Give in to body pleasure & craving of cereals and almond coconut.**

**Hunt 10 minutes, but i cannot lay down. In thiis position, there is
tension. **

**Hunt for a while but soon the moment meets an End.**

**Again, don\'t have anything dhamma to do. No Purpose.**

**And the more One eats, the more the dhamma activity pool shrinks.**

**Shrinks and shrinks until there is nothing left but to eat and watch
tv series.**

**Second bowl of cereals follow soon.**

**Now the system is in complete excess.. and it\'s night.**

**Ponder dhamma activity pool but there is no Chi.**

**In just one hour, her alchemy completely shifts from dukkha to
dhamma.**

**With purpose on Project Liberation:Leia.**

**A jack of all trades.. adn everything originates in the Mind.**

**Perhaps the only way to \"win\" at their wicked game is to play their
wicked game.**

**Fucking hot night pictures tho.**

**Let\'s slowly move on, we\'ll see if studio shall get involved or
not.**

**SetUp StripChat profile and try stream.**

**Use Media for other site profile\'s as well.**

**Later consider pornhub, clips4sale, onlyfans. (would need filming
space - transform room ?)**

**Patience from Zhou, trying to teach her too.**

**It\'s reckless to make decisions at night, in the midst of a storm.**

**\-\--A Master of Movement\-\--**

**Glute activation play from workout video to real life encounter.**

**Even doormant, it seems One Master\'s Work in Movement stays close to
One\' heart and wisdom.**

**The Mover.**

**Ammy burts into tears and trauma episode from walk to park and
encountering man. **

**In Her Creation: Now she can\'t even walk alone.**

**Bound in house, with nothing to do all day and no purpose, away from
her family.**

**What a Tear and a Smile.**

**Of course, this in her creation, for one could build another life
anywhere else, with the pure mind intent.**

**\"Baby i love you all my heart, but i cannot live here.\"**

**\"I am too stupid to live with you.\"**

**Maybe try 1-2 days to make her part of yours.**

**She is an amazingly support of her man, but running on no identity
now.**

**More, 1.5 years has shown some clear patterns regarding future - her
little body getting old.. the last year seemed to have weighted her like
5..**

**My little girl eyes were gone from day 2, and a grown, mature woman
emerged.**

**Her english seems to be getting worse, not better, as it seems the
neural patterns have begun decaying.**

**It seems the System have done the impossible. Found a way to bring her
home and even impregnant her with the support of the elders.**

**And once this happened, finished one time inside her then complete
body pull-out.**

**She is changed.. I am changed..**

**Perhaps the time comes to gracefully surrender my second true love.**

**What a journey. Full heart.**

**The true Art of Food is meeting Hunger + Dhamma Food + Craving - in
this order.**

**If the Art of Food is approached with different parameter ordering,
everything falls apart.**

**A calm relaxing day.**

**Afternoon pondering of smoking or eating.. clear eating in this nature
and body alchemy.**

**Eat some white bread sandwich, little little meat, cheese followed by
2 ice creams.**

**Not easy to digest, but still not big quantity.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Creating Neo: The Blueprints.**

**Body slowly recovers.**

**Plan for this evening: Hunt in CQ reflecting on life & Neo rather than
eating.**

**I missed my night wake-up and full rise to Life.**

**Whole body stinks of butter.. haha, also had to improvise regarding
dough preparation.**

**- 27 July 2024 -**

**Eate evening 3/4 pistachio roll with milk.**

**Stopped at around \~1 Hara hachi bu.**

**Of course, timing, logistics are off.**

**Efortless full_stop - once the post-eating position and activity is
available.**

**Body&stomach awakenes at 12 am - eats little pistachio rests and 3
bites of chocolate milk.**

**Go to sleep after.**

**Dream about the scientist lady warning one to stop the night
Acidosis.**

**I hear you, lady.**

**Awaekened 4am - prepared croissants, finished postgresSQL migration,
talk with PonPon.**

**One thing about Kali.**

**Rather than let her go selling her body in real life in a miserable
life, it is much beter to do it online, in togetherness.**

**A play.**

**But man.. her face when she picked up the whip and played around..
damn.**

**Good evening, my friend.**

**Met with brother today - he suggested we sell only course access for
\~400 ron. **

**I also pondered this.**

**Also mother_pattern activates in me of her leaving.**

**The clinging, the suffering, the family distrust - but for what?**

**Don\'t be ashamed to aknowledge some truths.**

**Other than that, let it play.**

**Let life Play.**

**It is truly a beautiful drama.**

**And if it is to end, let it be.**

**Some things appear to have reached mature levels - her learning
english, inability to adapt & grow, tiring to speak now.**

**The outer character sex glimpses, possibility of social life. Many
things.**

**But also her smell, touch, feel, breath. The World Beyond words.**

**Beyond the rational mind, the body seems to be choosing her.**

**In the end, just as in other dhammas, it all comes down to Faith
level.**

**Ammy much dukkha in this alchemy of no Purpose.**

**Its no easy thing, i know.**

**Some of her mother_patterns, in low alchemy, make her mother_patterns
tremble **

**But it seems to come on top of the list priorities.**

**I must help her, cannot leave her alone with no purpose.**

**No purpose kills a man.**

**Using her lifeskills.. cook, clean, sex symbol.**

**-Maybe if i cannot heal the world for now, entertain it?**

**Pondering video-chat business.**

**Doesn\'t hurt to try.**

**Still, a feeling persists throughout. Cannot tell what exactly.**

**Let\'s see.**

**Plan: **

**Choose 3 sites, create model account.**

**MyFreeCam**

**StripChat**

**Chaturbate.**

**Also, consider this path althoguh most possible profitable, would also
require the most energy from yourself.**

**But it can be fun.**

**Let\'s see.**

**Also consider calling video chat studio for talking, possible offline
or online collaboration, post 3-months visa, etc.**

**Also, her son is sick.**

**Bind this with No Purpose.**

**No easy hand of faith.**

**Some games for today/weekend:**

**Yardi - Log Time**

**Vivo - check tire status, should be done.**

**The_Cook - cook something sweet (coconut oil, flours, dates,
peanuts)**

**cook croissants (butter, flour, yeast, milk, water)**

**Free2Play - transition Ending_Pain to postgreSQL.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beware of the gluttony of pleasures.**

**It is something truly fascinating happening when One eats, consumes,
becomes.**

**The full_stop and belief() at night seems to be deeply correlated with
a evening light dhamma activity.**

**If this is not initiated, the eating&watching TV series will
automatically self_intiate.- putting the Body & Mind system on a
downhill of dukkha.**

**- 26 July 2024 - **

**\-\--The Second Wake-up 2:30am\-\--**

**Awaken again at 2:30am on the chair.**

**Water-wake up and catching the angry fly to set it free.**

**So acidic.. and we\'re only in phase 1.**

**Why, my sweet friend, are we putting the body through this? For
what?**

**Contemplating rising, but no energy to do so.**

**Go in bed with the fear of laying down horizontally.**

**Wake-up 7am in highly acidic envinronment.**

**\-\--The wake-up, sleep-eating 12am\-\--**

**Wake-up 12am on the chair. Acidic body longing for quick fix.**

**The Mind is asleep, not awaken and fully aware.**

**It\'s more like watching the events unfold rather than controlling.**

**The Alive digestive enzymes controlling the body.**

**Sleep-eating **

**Takeaway: It was body over mind.**

**The pure animal running unconciously.**

**Fuck.. another night giving into gluttony and pleasure of food.**

**8pm. Finished laptop work with Spinu and automatically moved into
eating & watching.**

**Still, cooked dhamma soup.**

**Enjoyed with some whole wheat and chips - hard.**

**The croissant with milk \"I\" was already clinging to birth. **

**A full stop after soup would have been dhamma.**

**Key implementation: If body is hunger at night, body must also
completely believe in the Mind that it will care of it and feed it when
dhamma time comes.**

**Lay down so full and sleepy.**

**Food_Prophet: C = 1.5, Q=-0.5, T=-0.9, L=-0.9.**

**Clear prediction..**

**But what was it that made the system collapse into eating?**

**Of course, many dukkha rising from different angles: family and
re-connect being the main ones.**

**Beyond that, it\'s the pure absolute pleasure of eating, relaxing and
watching a good TV Series.**

**Back on the balcony 6:30pm.**

**For now, Spinu is pretty good.**

**N has been working hard on Free2play.**

**Canu got a job as carry man?**

**Busy day at work..**

**Hours past by pretty fast.**

**There was some food, some rest, some work, some sleep, some love.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Meron coffee this morning.**

**Oh my god.. it tastes amazing.**

**This weekend is about relaxing. Full free-2-play.**

**Some games for today/weekend:**

**Yardi - Delivery Renewal History CPR**

**Honey - call floresti **

**Vivo - check tire status, should be done.**

**The_Cook - cook something sweet (coconut oil, flours, dates,
peanuts)**

**cook croissants (butter, flour, yeast, milk, water)**

**Free2Play - tell the story of Free2Play.**

**- 25 July 2024 -**

**\-\--In this alchemy, Did not put my angel to sleep tonight.\-\--**

**That is one treasured lesson to be taken.**

**One must meet the evening with preparation & consumption of dhamma
food.**

**As evening descends, eating firewalls and strong belief in \"i\'m
hungry, but i believe\" - must be cultivated.**

**If some \"I\"s are already birthed or new ones spring from the Evening
Alchemy, meet them with very little sips of food as in dhamma food B.**

**That is the stake. To meet the evening with an alchemy which allows
One to hug his angel and the earth.**

**But in order for that to happen effortlessly, new \"I\" must birth
from evening dhamma activity pool.**

**The hunger to create, the hunger for knowledge.**

**Another big feast tonight.**

**Again, no firewalls or clear intent at night.**

**No fasting from the heart on my brother\'s voice:  \"Mi-e foame, dar
nu mananc, i believe.\"**

**No dhamma food preparation in the morning.**

**It\'s all graphically expressed, beautifully.**

**Eate pistachio roll + pistachios and milk:**

**Q=1.2, C=-0.2, T=-0.2, L=-0.3.**

**If dhamma food were cultivated before and timing&logistics somehwat
improved - it would have been dhamma.**

**Finished meal and stopped the birthing of the \"I\" eating cereals.**

**Fell asleep on the chair and the \"I\" automatically birthed, not
wanting to die.**

**Previous digestive enzymes aided in the birthing alchemy.**

**Sudden wake-up and birth of \"I\".**

**Meet the night after a very tiring day, with medium food
cultivated. **

**Eat and fall asleep again on the chair.**

**Wake-up at 1:27. The body longs for sleep, not for wake-up.**

**6.30pm.**

**Out with new Spinu. Well, in controlled quantity is good.. will do at
least.**

**The other dhammas sustain the present alchemy - the singing of
cockaroo, the fresh clean air, the laptop reflections.**

**Reached another bottleneck wit outside curtains - encountering Metal
on the balcony - from building\'s structure?**

**Wait Oszkar advice - You\'ve reached BetonArmat.\~**

**Checking on emag, interacting with e-commerce sites chat bot - it\'s
so rudimentary.**

**Man.. Oskzar.. a walking knowledge.**

**Extraordinary knowledge of this physical world.**

**For now, Re-Connect sleeps. Rest, my friend. You\'ve done beautiful
work.**

**All in all, Beautiful Office run. **

**But very tiring. **

**Doing some Yardi work, **

**Eagerly drive home to meet & talk with Spinu & N, but as i reach as
smell, not feel drawned.**

**Adapt to 1-2 times per day for now, but how can i meet the evening
Alchemy most dhamma?**

**Feeling some pressure regarding the office due to unknowns and this
morning\'d dude.**

**But got cover story which One should tell loud and clear in the
0.00001% - I tried and i was rushing, i had 2 badges, came home to get
the other - yeah fucking top notch story - just next time do a little
more convincing and getting angry at door.**

**Succesfull enter-in.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Let\'s test the new Spinu. So far the taste is around 7/10.**

**Effect 7/10.**

**But the smell.. 5/10 and now the after-effects still different.**

**Meh.. the greatness is in One, far beyond any outer input.**

**It\'s clear that if possible, would buy other if chance arises - fuck
money.**

**Until then adapt.**

**Also felt on KS and in contast to this, it brings out the healing
power of the other one.**

**A very different Alchemy 30 minutes in the body.**

**But fucking fucking horny this one.**

**LOL. This might be S\*, other I\*.**

**Her body falling in love again with mine as i slowly discover it and
love it all.**

**Fucking through clothes. **

**Man there is no other woman in this world who is so in sync with this
body.**

**Like a little animal in my arms. The smell of life itself.**

**The office run, despite top gear, has slighty affected the body's
structure.**

**There is something about the morning powerful cold wind.**

**Even in the summer.**

**Body slowly recovers as the love of my life wakes up in my arms and
kiss. **

**What a chance to be alive. **

**Play. **

**\-\--I\'m here for the ride, not the destination\-\--**

**5:40 left home. Office run today.**

**Chose the most clean, quiet path rather than quick.**

**\~Recovery Time 2-3 hours\~**

**\-- 24 July 2024 -**

**Eate big, big Buddha bowl with melon.**

**Really good. 2x bowls. Then finished with little fortza cereals. **

**This cereals are amazing - but far from easy to digest.**

**Some hold-back in Ammy\'s body as i kiss her good night.**

**Fall asleep on the chair until \~2 am? Then Dojo\'s living room.**

**Man i absolutely love the freedom.**

**Why did the body eat this much, tho? **

**Well, no firewall implemented. Big natural hunger.**

**But what is there preventing One to stop at **

**\-\--Our First Hosted Web Application\-\--**

**Digital Ocean.**

**Back on the balcony 8pm.**

**Bought 20 spinu\'s - it\'s soso, let\'s see when the time comes.**

**Maybe give Cosu 10. Let\'s see.**

**Over-whelming system from too much time in house and with my Ammy.**

**She is the love of my life, but excess spoils the fruits just as in
always.**

**A calm, cloudly, slight rainy afternoon.**

**Absolutely Perfect to work & play.**

**Now some little work.**

**\-\--Deeper into the Alchmemy of Metals:Learning to Drill into
Metals\-\--**

**Completely different thing than wood.**

**Must slowly build the toolkit for the builder.**

**Drilling metal holes is no easy thing - broke 3 burghiis. (buy new
ones for ozzy&dad & more fo me).**

**Understanding the burghiis. Made 3 holes to penetrate the 3mm metal -
small, medium and needed Size.**

**Next step continues.**

**The home setup.**

**\-\--The true Game: Character Bars\-\--**

**Today truly experienced stamina Bar - as i got home depleted, eate,
rest and stamina was restore while walking in vivo.**

**Main Character Bars: **

**Stamina (body energy to move) - **

**Hunger - **

**Faith - **

**Chi (energy to create) - **

**Good morning, my friend.**

**\"I want to exit whatsapp but i do wrong\" - moment**

**How everything she does springs from within.**

**Complicated light-speed processing of input.**

**Thought it would disturb me + other complicate patterns running in
subconcious.**

**She is unaware of it, but it\'s guiding her life.**

**- 23 July 2024 - **

**Absolutely fascinating.**

**Why does this not happen to her, tho?**

**The Heart Chakra, my friend.**

**In God, first. That nothing is wrong or misplaced in this world. Then
her love follows, on top of it.**

**If there is energy and strong belief in the heart chakra, everything
stops there.**

**\-\--The Turning from Doubt to Love\-\--**

**Morning comes.**

**Body slowly recovers..**

**Her morning feeling is extraordinary. Like God has made her body,
smell, touch - for this body.**

**Doubt completes turns to Love.**

**Long beautiful shower and hair wash.. Body recovers.**

**\-\--The Turning from Love to Doubt\-\--**

**Wrote GitHub LaoWater about.**

**Enjoyed the dhamma avocado smoothie.**

**Went to kiss her good night.**

**She gets very horny but i\'m right after meal..**

**Together with night signals towards the body \~ preparing to eat.**

**Laying down i don\'t want to fuck.. but the body wants to rise, work,
play, eat.**

**As body acidicity levels become high, sustained by following chips &
diary - acidicity grows.**

**Mind now contemplates her waiting in bed as a chain, no matter that
she is the only woman i\'d want there.**

**It feels like a constraint.**

**Still, the Mind wants to break Free - no Chains.**

**Love turns to Doubt.**

**Body does not want to sleep with her tonight - but also the body
greatly considers the room envinronment - it\'s the dead-less room,
which has not yet rebirthed.**

**Fall asleep on the chair - dream about having to leave me, despite
loving me all her heart - this goes perfectly hand in hand with the**

**Meal: Q=1.4, T=-0.7, L=-0.8 -\> clear Acidic envinronment.**

**The dream is extraordinarily hurting and contemplating having to go
alone again through countless of nights.**

**Wake up and move to the Dojo chairs.**

**Another sleep until 4am. **

**Second dream was about work pressure, school chains-vibe, police.**

**The body is too tired to rise, althogh KS2 is asking for it.**

**Drink water, stay some PC and move to bed.**

**\-\--The Turning from Doubt to Love\-\--**

**Back on balcony 14 hours later with The Alchemist.**

**Last time i read the about Fatima she was 10.000 kilometers away.**

**Now she\'s here.**

**I am absolutely in love with her. A child would be a blessing.**

**Her smell, her daytime beings..**

**P3 complicates a bit - slowly. (only unknown is regarding ysr error
message - can you remember?) - call Fung \~**

**\-\--The Turning from Love to Doubt\-\--**

**Got home after Breaking down metal.**

**1st Meal: 1 egg&cheese tortilla and 1 with cream cheese and
olive/pepper.**

**It\'s clear the fried tortilla is much easier to digest.**

**After this meal, felt full of energy and life, wanting to play
whatever.**

**2nd Meal: Continued with milk sweets and 2 ice creams.**

**Slowly eating , teeth becoming inflamed. Stomach Heavy.**

**Soon i see ammy playing slots, talking about winning 5k bht. **

**In this alchemy, the Mind hastened to draw conclusions of addiction &
cannot have life & baby with her (mother_pattern activaiton).**

**Instant dukkha rises. This is what was missing. Her being addicted to
gambling and 1000x worse, hiding her win and sending all to daughter,
while im struggling to make money.**

**Doubt regarding her, life together and baby. Self-Mind-Oath to never
rush and cum inside her.**

**Oh how much complicated processing with insufficient data.**

**LE: daugther sending her money to play for her changes everything.
Complete anihilation of the 2 mother patterns.**

**And more, as the body & digestive system relax in the night, faith bar
fills up.**

**How can there be anything wrong in this world?**

**Re-Connect worry & analysis throughout the day.**

**My brother\'s hard hand, first wave of clients\... and on.. and on..
Iulia no replying.. and on..**

**\-\--The Alchemy of Metals\-\--**

**The feeling when drilling into metal.. the deep understanding of this
world\'s materials.**

**Learnt about polystiren home approach.**

**Amazing how the Mind did not think of drill test hole before - because
it had stained concepts of not breaking the house and fears of
failure.**

**Ammy teaches me and works besides me in painting. **

**What a woman..**

**I love this woman..**

**Granny still upset, not opening the door.**

**The brain processes.**

**The stomach feels.**

**The Heart stops dukkha from growing with belief.**

**Laugh.. as i install VS Code and there is full light upon what\'s
happening.**

**Neo.**

**No longer fearing tutorials, documentations - but welcoming them.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to Play today:**

**Fix Bike wheel -**

**Work on curtains - buy paint, measure home and drill holes, paint,
drill home**

**Yardi - EU Compliance CPR and start work on other.**

**Last night\'s work by my brother comes in extraordinarily handy.**

**When Octavu comes back, talk about being open to work on other
projects with JS, .Net, Python, HTML, CSS**

**Scooter - schedule at mechanic for take off alarm and re-do electric
part.**

**Car - check with neighbours about clutch. Asses cost. If too
expensive, ponder selling like this.**

**Re-Connect - do what you have to do alone, then when Alex frees -
include him.**

**Neo - **

**\~Recovery time 3-4 hours\~**

**- 22 July 2024 -**

**Continue woring on Food_Prophet,**

**Starting to sloowly understand .css and .html.**

**Eate little sweet with milk, just little sips.**

**But this had awaken the dukkha enzymes. And of course, they longed for
more.**

**Pair this with the dukkha throughout the day AND with waking up at the
PC around 1-2am, with numb&hurting leg.**

**Must add another blanked or pillow to fix this.**

**Anyway, awakened here a sleep-eating of croissant happens.**

**Long time not eating this pattern.**

**Clear, clear, clear dukkha - peaking at 6am.**

**Slowly recovering.**

**A lot of stress today, it is no easy for a dad to see his little girl
like that.**

**Further conditioned bad food across the day.. **

**Plus eating the coconut corn potato just because i love her so much
and want to taste her food.**

**In the evening, just as with meat, it appears the last part of the
Awakening of the Kaya Sankhara 2 is **

**One cannot eat sugar anymore.**

**Still, today births The Food Prophet.**

**The first of the 3 horsemen.**

**Think of the bigger picutre when developing.**

**But first - clean and prepare.**

**Eu Compliance CPR & CPR 54450**

**A very quiet day at work, **

**Just as the nights meets the 2 in-love bodies.**

**First attempt to meet Spinu.**

**Tomorrow do some work.**

**Slowly, click by click.**

**\--Ammy stomach pain agony\-\--**

**First waves of agony the Mind was copletely overwhelmed too.**

**Still, just as Alan said, there is a very fine line between agony and
pleasure.**

**Prepared ginger & mint tea.**

**Then slowly kissed her neck once her body allowed.**

**She becomes extremely horny - then tired.**

**This instantly condition much stress on my body and what was
absolutely clear this time, KS2 inflamation**

** - and immediate emotional eating - but also i was hungry.**

**Eate chips and icecreams.. system calms down without much damage.**

**A sweet sleep follows.**

**She still has echoes of pain for the rest of day.. and tired.**

**Could her digestive tract gets so greatly inflamed at one point?**

**But still, in all this a strong belief sat in One\'s Heart.**

**How could there be anything wrong with this World?**

**Cannot. It\'s a Master\'s Work.**

**Man beyond all the fears and predictions of the Mind, i love to work
on Re-Connect.**

**And how amazingly it binds all the lifes.**

**The Healer, Lao, Neo, Lucas, Salesman - everything comes together.**

**Ikigai.**

**It\'s clear that the facebook limited list of friends is but a grain
of sand in the entire shore. **

**There is so much more.**

**How foolish it would be to let this decide your worth.**

**How can i ever doubt my nose if she loves it completely just the way
it is?**

**How can i ever doubt my revelations & work when it touches, brings
together and changes their life?**

**\~The Webinar magical movement moment.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**The Food Prophet - reflect on algorythm.**

**Yardi.exe - do some bidding**

**Ending_Pain - check with N.**

**The Food prophet.**

**Strictly regarding last evening meal, we have the following data:**

**Initial KS2 Karmic Balance = -0.5**

**Quality  = -0.9**

**Timing = -1**

**Logistics = -1.**

**\~Quantity = 1**

**O zi buna la servici!**

**How can i put this into a function?**

**Merging Neo & Lao.**

**The Food Prophet, Ending Pain and Breath:The Chemical Matrix. (create
website login integration.)**

**Then the 1500 EUR would truly feel worth it by heart.**

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours\~**

**- 21 July 2024 -**

**\-\--The Full Moon: Guru Purnima\-\--**

**The cockaroo sings the beginning of a new day.**

**Love of my life is waiting in the bed, sleeping.**

**A new Day.**

**KS2 wakes me up at 3am.**

**A big, powerful mooon on the sky.**

**As Mind comes back to conciousness, everything inside burns.**

**Acidicity rises.**

**The great mistake - of laying down and not rising the body.**

**Do rise after some time - but no feel nor ingredients for cook.**

**As dukkha grows in stomach, the Mind follows.**

**Picturing money, predicting, picturing course and it feeling
incomplete, number of clients and approach.. and on and on.**

**Picturing Neo\'s joruney and overwheming projects.**

**Sweet Mind, rather then predict worries - Do your bidding.**

**Evening cook pasta with vegetables with ammy - but pretty heavy.**

**Went for a evening walk - it is soso do-able with mask.**

**Back home and fall asleep on the chair - wake up with numb leg from
standard position - and the conditioning was already set to eat.**

**Eat some little chocolate with milk then lidl chocolate. **

**In that semi-asleep state with the body also craving for food after a
long, hard-working day.. the body just eats.**

**I love this woman all my heart.**

**Her little girl face & eyes is filling my heart with love.**

**I love her beyond words and senses.**

**Everything that she is, comes together with her life story.**

**The father promise and the absolute dedication to it.**

**The whip is funny for me, but for her it echoes the Canada memories of
pain.**

**Second Call Kathy so so - she still seeks on the outside.**

**Third call in complete honesty with Bucuresti car dealer.**

**Forth call with Cosu friend asking for advice i wish i had.**

**What a weekend.**

**\--Ringing the first Re-Connect Bell\--**

**Call with George. What an amazingly mirroring life story.**

**Then told father.. quietness fell.**

**Demons of greed & envy - or blinded by their own stories?**

**Either way, it was complete quiet after i rang the bell of
victories.**

**\"Should we take the watermelon in the fridge so it won\'t spoil?\"**

**My sweet ammy also was flooded with their sufferings.**

**The Chakras my friend..**

**The energy Flowing.**

**I can feel it all.**

**Un-veiling the Secrets of the Chakras.**

**The Heart and Soul - firm faith in dhamma, the unfolding of things,
the relationship.**

**The KS2 will react to the external outputs processed by the Mind.**

**But, if the Soul stands un-shaken, the energy stops there.**

**Of course.. once again.. this all comes to down to the Natural
Truths.**

**Learn them in Anapanasati. Every flavor studied, every pattern of the
Mind - with every breath in and out.**

**These are the first steps. Only after walking them One can move to the
deeper aspects of his Personal Legend.**

**Here, One takes what he had learned from studying the Natural Truths,
the same techniques, and uses the same system to study the Mind.**

**The truths of the Mind in accordance to one\'s Personal Legend.**

**The Master\'s Work.**

**The Alchemists.**

**Respect them.. and the Secrets of Life will unfold.**

**It makes One wonder though, how could religions completely ignored
these Natural Truths in their teachings?**

**Well.. they came naturally. **

**No pollution & abundance of nature, Great, beautiful food eaten in
community - and Movement - Labor, Fighting, Learning.**

**Just as the Mind separated from the soul, it appears the Man had also
separated from the Natural World.**

**In dukkha air, heavy stomach and sedentarism - it is completely futile
for One to reflect on God.**

**\--The bodies beautifully, tremendously beautifully speak
continously\--**

**It is not about controlling it, but rather seeing what everything
Originates from.**

**And, if needed, enter Developer mode and update versioning.**

**Like the program used now with her, about the fears originating in the
stomach and rising to head - if the heart (Soul) is not strong enough,
un-shaken in faith.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**A quiet, gentle rainy morning.**

**The birds are singing among with the cats perfect movement. A True
Art.**

**\~Dojo \"Therapy\"\~**

**The Fear of Failure, of doing wrong to me, the 15 years written
programming.**

**It feels like using the Art of Bodies & Words - One can connect to her
even to the most deep parts of the mind & soul - but it is done beyond
words.**

**Because she does not understand in words, but experiences.**

**It\'s impossible for an un-awakened mind to grasp what you\'re
teaching.**

**The Dojo whiteboard moment, absolute funny or heart-shattering as her
reaction predicts little chance of change?**

**It\'s all in how you think.**

**In a body close to 100% functionality - the Mind becomes Free to
Play.**

**Just like turning an dark powerful emotion into physical training, so
can i turn a dukkha feeling & predictions into funny.**

**How she mowed :))))).**

**Everything Originates in the Mind.**

**The past reflections slowly rise about the togetherness.**

**It is.. once again.. a true Art.**

**- 20 July 2024 -**

**A sleep, like a gift from the Gods.**

**The Mind tricked itself by going to bed with intent to rise and eat..
but the bed was too comfortable.**

**Too loving. The system falls asleep for 3-4 hours.**

**Wake up, eat something little.**

**Back to sleep until 6am.**

**Wake up fully rested with a loving Kaya Sankhara 2.**

**The dance between tears and smiles continued in the drem world,
dreaming of her leaving.**

**I love this woman. All.**

**The Great Tear and Smile continues.**

**The system is extraordinarily fatigued.**

**Did so much today.**

**A beautiful day, all in all.**

**Could not have done it without Ammy.**

**Without paying a great, great price in G-Force.**

**\-\--The Dojo: Be Water\-\--**

**Beautiful experience to move the PC to living room.**

**Carve your own Home.**

**A rain nourishes the earth and allows dhamma balcony talk with
Spinu.**

**Sharing dhamma smoothie with my 2 friends, the love of my life and my
brother. My family.**

**What a time to be alive.**

**To breath\...**

**Kaya Sankhara 3 triggers due to over-working today,**

**Reminding One that Re-Connect is right here, right now.**

**\-\--The Second Webinar unfolds\-\--**

**With it\'s own smiles and tears.**

**Some little admin over-lapping of commands on share control.**

**But many, many beautiful moments.**

**When reaching movement and asking all the people **

**\"What is movement?\" **

**We got extraordinary responses and views.**

**Like-minded people. Community.**

**Speaking the same language.**

**\-\--Pelicanu in a call:MIrroring of Bubuleteu\-\--**

**You are with me, my dear friend.**

**I salute you.**

**As the system recovers and dukkha quinches, only by internal alchemy &
external Alchemy of the Natural World (morning\'s touch in air,
temperature),**

**Webinar starts to feel the most dhamma thing to do.**

**What an opportunity to get to spread the message.**

**\-\--Webinar day\-\--**

**Met a hater with love, and he responded with the same coin.**

**Many Fears are born out of Fatigue.**

**As the body rests and a new day comes, little cleaning of the house,
everything calms down.**

**I am just happy to be alive.**

**Life is a gift.**

**This rows are market by the flying of 2 little groups of Pigeons.**

**The Omens.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**- 19 July 2024 -**

**Body almost falls asleep while working on the balcony with little
Spinu.**

**A big storm is preparing, with a loud sky unheard of in many months.**

**Take little sips of chips & riso, but the body makes an effortless
choice to abandon this and go love sleep.**

**The Mind vs The Body.**

**Go to my Queen of the night.**

**Oh, how her alchemy changes in rest and sleep.**

**I wake up to the complete love of my life.**

**\-\--Baby, i already know this, remember?\-\-\--**

**The mind has computed so much about the rising dukkha with Ammy from
logistics, smoking.. etc.**

**While in her heart this has already been solved.**

**But how much dukkha grew with each witheld thought and action.**

**Ride together with scooter greatly triggers low back pain.**

**Fucking logistics..**

**Well, that is why it\'s called:**

**The Art Of Life.**

**Must resolve car, either fix or sell & buy another.**

**Then logistics with Ammy will somewhat free.**

**And scooter remains for solo driving.**

**The Tear continues, with realizing Logistics are very poor with Ammy
now.**

**Stuck in the house.**

**Scooter is way too high G-Force level now to handle without KS3
triggering.**

**Also scooter lights broke.**

**Hate on Re-Connect.**

**Body is very tired.**

**But still, with Ammy here and Natural truths somewhat respected, there
is calm.**

**If you can keep you head when all around you are losing theirs**

**And blaming it on you.**

**And things take a mid-day turn, as the mind predicts some dukkha,
mainly arising from her excessive smoking.**

**And tired body perhaps, smell of artificial parfume, having to make
plans/purpose for her.**

**Is no easy thing in this alchemy & plans.**

**Give it time.**

**But as this storms begins, granny is also on the very edge, calling me
names and disrespecting.**

**From granny\'s POV, it can be looked and fed neurally the dukkha
hiding POV.**

**It seems to have infected mother too.**

**In this midst, there is also KS3 triggered from many work did today.**

**Many walking, standing, driving around.**

**Eate little dhamma meal and body temp went up.**

**Relax, my friend.**

**Do your work here.**

**Eat your good food.**

**Allow the Mind to feel Piti.**

**Allow the body to be completely free.**

**Play with dick on the balcony.**

**The Art of Breaking out & back in the office.**

**So fucking smooth today.**

**\-\--The re-uniting of souls\-\--**

**Beyond words.**

**Her smell.**

**Bodies feel like 2 pieces of puzzle coming together.**

**Body craves wash, water and food. Ecstatic eating.**

**The clear Mind in action.**

**Logged whole time.**

**Prepared other projects to fire.**

**Took upon 15 hours CPR.**

**\-\--The Office Alchemist\-\--**

**Learned about air comms from cleaning lady.**

**What i could not see before, now i see them all.**

**Alchemized the air.**

**Body relaxed.**

**Use glasses for PC.**

**Adapt true dhama positions.**

**\"Ii buna viata nialau?\" - question arises in self-contemplation.**

**Yes, life is amazing.**

**Doing some dhamma yardi work.**

**The waves of Terror from pattern analysis (log time for example) - are
the Mind light-speed predicting some very deep mother_patterns.**

**But the only mother_pattern here, beyond calculus, distribution, art
of writing - these are dhammas.**

**The wave-inducing mother_pattern is purely the fear of being
questioned about it.**

**Oh but then it is not you who will meet it, but I. **

**You do your thing as best as you can, my friend.**

**One thing at a time. One click.**

**\-\--Once the bloodline is perpetuated in her, then your forefathers
will stand by your side\-\-\--**

**Mother. Father. Granny. Everybody in this bloodline, raising the core
question to the Mind: Reproduce.**

**In time, Love, Money.**

**No matter your journey here on earth, they will take care of Luke and
Leia.**

**The bloodline of your mother flowing on the left side and the
bloodline of the warrior flowing on the right side.. meeting as One.**

**They have spoken.**

**Once you Believe, you are not Alone.**

**No more words. Words are nothing.**

**Talking about God is just writing in the water, but i shall bring God
to you, my forefathers.**

**Many possibilities arise studying this mother_pattern, once the fog of
Fear is lifted.**

**I. She re-visists Romania as she is about to give birth so baby has
romanian citizenship.**

**II. I go marry her and we come back as family, regardless is baby is
born or not (dependent on Israel & \$)**

**III. I go there when the baby is born to establish fatherhood then
apply for family reunion visa.**

**IV. Recognize fatherhood through power of attorney with her acting on
my behalf, then apply for visa reunion. Apply later for romanian
citizenship of baby (this is if One cannot be present, but is highly
unlikely.) **

**Beautiful analysis.**

**More important, once your forefathers feel the perpetuation of our
genes, they will stand behind you. In all regards.**

**In all scenarios. As One. Family.**

**Look Cosu family triggering towards perpetuation of family.**

**It is beyond the Mind.**

**Just like when mother aided in flight.**

**The perpatuation of the body.**

**Our DNA string. Millions of years old.**

**And her DNA string.**

**Of course, this does not mean now that this is a plan and One shall
baby her as soon as possible and with clinging to the outcome.**

**That is for the current body & mind alchemy, flowing in the Tao, to
decide.**

**But it means the mother_pattern fear of baby has been completely
lifted.**

**Free to Play.**

**Another beautiful adaptation with car parking, adjusting as the
unknown becomes the known.**

**Walking while contemplating the core body desire when with her -
putting baby inside her.**

**The Mind is young and fears it, but the body is millions of years old
and craving for it.**

**The Forefathers realization soon comes to Mind.**

**The Art of Driving.**

**First learned on the bike (10kg), scooter followed many months and
reflection later (100kg), then car slowly follows, the hardest of all
(1tone+).**

**G-Force in action.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Again, completely new KS2 testing data and the extraordinary
corelation between Karmic Balance, Stress, Digestive system, dreams,
night.**

**If i were to add one food exercise to the food chapter, it would be
vagus nerve relaxation.**

**Perhaps even in presentation - to give exercise to do before sleep ?
(\~2-3 min)**

**Also, add a breathing exercise to it (\~2 min)**

**And add a movement exercise llike ordering, cleaning (\~2-3 min),**

**\"It\'s time you taste a little of the Natural Truths power.\"**

**E timpul sa gusti o mica parte din puterea Adevarurilor Absolute.**

**- 18 July 2024 - **

**Heed the Omens and messages from Dreams.**

**Then Adapt.**

**Adaptation of plan to postpone 10-13 min departure time, so that
\~blend in can happen naturally with the wordling.**

**More, savour one more night in aloneness with Spinu and let him home,
resting.**

**Just as in many times before, connection with Ammy is already
complete, doesn\'t need any Spinu.**

**Just This body & mind and hers.. are enough.**

**Have a safe flight home, my love.**

**3:33 wake-up from extraordinary stressful dream of police car stop and
Spinu check.**

**So much stress and KS2 so triggered upon wake-up.**

**The Vagus nerve role ? **

**A very specific KS2 trigger tonight. **

**Last night\'s meal was not in excess, but has pears and apricots.**

**Also, the air was very closed in the house due to KS7 & KS8
triggering.**

**Also, some lower stomach pain in this alchemy and stinky egg smelling
farts.**

**Then 2 poo poo follow, one harder and one soft, cleaning the inside.**

**Eate medium buddha bown with romanian \"mango\".**

**\~Good at first dhamma food test, but time will tell of the rest.**

**The Language of the World is so alive.**

**But once again, in order for One to begin to see it, **

**The Natural truths must be respected.**

**Last night Alone with granny for a while.**

**Or so you think. **

**With Ammy here, it can even be more.**

**Still, the old lady seems to feel something is in the air.**

**Her smell was extraordinarily powerful today.**

**So powerful that even after a ride together, it had remained in my
clothes and skin. **

**She doesn't understand consciously that it is God's will -
everything? **

**Or am I who is not understanding it? **

**Their relationship can be alchemized, if they grow closer together. **

**Ammy in the dark storm, giving the Mind sudden glimpses of light speed
processing.**

**The Mind only runs 2 mother patterns.**

**Is she gonna leave me for making her suffer from rational greed?**

**Is she going to die? **

**These are the mother patterns.**

**Of course, they are far from rational. **

**But the mind still processes. **

**Heath the Omens.**

**Planes fly above as squat down in the slowly unfolding nights.**

**A mom walking into the sunset with her little girl. **

**The dog is no longer barking me. **

**Beyond the ups and downs of commericals and webinars and posts.. and
and and..**

**Taking a step back we realize**

**The message is getting out there in he world.**

**What more could One ask for from his Ikigai?**

**The Healer.**

**Change a life and you will change the world.**

**\-\--The Ladybug lived in the Dojo today\-\--**

**I find her 8 hours later and the 2 creatures begin to interact.**

**She is scared at first.**

**Survival mode is far more activated then eating, completely ignoring
the food crumbs.**

**Slowly she approaches. One leg, then the next.**

**She loves my hand.**

**But moments after, as my hand completely relaxed, she pinched me with
her front suprinsingly sharp mouthpart.**

**Felt like a very powerful, high intensity low area pinch. Body
immediately reacted and threw her off.**

**Hate floods the system as the little creature had attacked him.**

**But there is the Mind. It sees the greater things. It sees beyond the
hatred.**

**Love.**

**And fascination as the body\'s immune system immediately reacts to the
pinch.**

**Mind aids with knowledge, by squeezing and pushing out any outer germs
which her bite might her carried.**

**Together. Mind & Body.**

**The ladybug quickly returns to a dark spot between the matresses.
Beautifully smart.**

**Then uses the envinronment in her favor, heading towards a place i
could not longer reach.**

**I take her out on a spoon and imagine her view of the world.**

**For the little lady bug, i am a God, moving mountains she desperately
climbs, then surrenders.**

**Now she spent the last half hour climbing the window.**

**She is relaxed.**

**Just before writing these lines, the Mind - in Some awareness of all
the system, the Natural Truths and the Secrets of Life,**

**Has pondered - Why did \"I\" arise here? **

**I can see everything. I can change the world, carve together or
against the envinronment with these 2 hands.**

**A complete master of the envinronment. Whatever evolved being one
might imagine, a Mind in complete awareness of all the system,
happenings, conditionings, Natural truths - is an extraordinarily
advanced being.**

**This body.. Magic.**

**The Mind.. a Creator of Worlds.**

**The sole purpose seems to be to Create Worlds - and enjoy them.**

**But to enjoy one must partake in both tears and smiles. Then it is
complete.**

**Only then the power of true love arises, Alchemizing evil to love.**

**Disbelief in faith. Pain to hunger for knowledge. Fails to treasured
lessons.**

**Once the Natural truths are alchemized,**

**The next layer follows.**

**Which appears to be answering to the question of \"What is the meaning
of Life?\"**

**Just in sync, there is Ammy.**

**In complete abandonment of Natural Truths, in the center of Istanbul
Airport - one of the darkest places i\'ve ever been to.**

**Cold. Greed. Many People with fresh hair implanted, giving sickness
vibe.**

**HIgh prices, hard floor, many people, many lights, enclosed air.**

**Everything is against the Natural Truths of Life.**

**In this Alchemy, even her love for me cannot be enjoyed and the
re-uniting of souls.**

**But love still burns.**

**It seems it can never be completely quinched.**

**But the Natural truths are fuel for this candle.**

**They fuel Love.**

**Love for this Creation.**

**In all forms, shapes, flavors.**

**The true Art of Movement lies in the catching of flies without harming
them,**

**Mopping the ants without hurting them,**

**Cleaning with true fascination and exploration of new, fun patterns,**

**Riding in complete sync with the inter-changing G-Forces.**

**The Art of Movement.**

**Dhamma Plan for tomorrow Office: **

**Leave home \~5.40**

**Play around office, log time, care EU Compliance CPR, eDocs tokens.**

**\-\-\--The true Quality One\'s Dojo: Water\-\-\--**

**One\'s Dojo must be the same as One\'s heart, body and mind.**

**Free. Water. Flowing.**

**Contionusly changing, adapting, taking the form of the present moment
vase.**

**Bean bags, desks, tables.. plants, laptop, pc.. everything is Water.**

**7pm.**

**12 hours later, back to balcony with the avocado smoothie.**

**It taste absolutely Healing.**

**Did a lot today.**

**Ordered curtains.**

**Some little work.**

**Admin call with Pelicanu.**

**It\'s clear that i need to re-factor Dojo so that it allows big room
Webinar.**

**The Metal factory felt like a movie-scene.**

**The eastern people working in harsh environment for little money.**

**Again used sleep cheat codes, the sweet sleep when the Mind has do to
something. Amazing.**

**It must be because the Mind & body love to be liberated.**

**That moment comes down to plans of the mind in front of needs of the
body.**

**The materials are ready.**

**If One is to hold multiple live\'s, it clearly needs computer in the
big room.**

**Option, of course, not ultimatum.**

**For this, consider minimum adjustable desk height.**

**H = 60**

**My love is in the dark Istanbul airport.**

**I feel you, my love.**

**I will bring sacrifice of holding masturbation and eating.**

**The Mind is free from everything.**

**Just work.**

**And when get tired of working, go buy metal.**

**Good morning from the monastery.**

**Its so quiet here in the morning.**

**A gentle rain sings the morning sony as it falls down and meets the
leafs of the high forest trees. **

**Riding towards the monastery & around - the sound of the enginei
running smoothly in the clean air.**

**Same Alchemy as the plane my love is in.**

**As the body quiets down, light shines upon Ammy.**

**She is the love of my life.**

**No other woman ever slightly come near what I feel for her.**

**Her stupid and dukkha, comes together with her smile and love.**

**It\'s her life story.**

**Come home, my love.**

**Maybe even with the baby it\'s the same thing.**

**Believe, even when you don\'t understand - even when One is afraid to
believe.**

**Like with money expeeriences & trust, ringing the bell before the sell
in Re-Connect.**

**Curtains prove a little more difficult as the bamboo ones might not
have paper sheets and might allow too much sun.**

**Let\'s order and return if don\'t like.**

**- 17 July 2024 -**

**\-\-\--Dhamma sleep 11pm-6am\-\--**

**Wow.**

Woke up with great chi, washed teeth, prepared for the office and went.

But as soon as i get out, it\'s too cold in this rainy morning for a
ride without it coming with some great bodily costs.

Also, the hour is too late.

Must leave at \~5:40 for dhamma way.

Next week we\'ll do the scooter shuffle.

For now, just go tomorrow with car, same hour \~5:40.

Oh the kneeling PC position.

The triggered low back pain itches in pleasure as i sit down and the
chest leans on the desk.

Complete pressure taken off low back.

Why have i not used this more? It\'s beautiful for dhamma focused/medium
focused work.

Starting to find the dhamma Techno-Redactation for the Dojo Writings.

Normal Text - Arial - Big titles 14 size, medium titles 13 size, normal
text 12 size.

Regardless of Office or not tomorrow, continue in the same sentiment
with free\'d module with Yardi prioritized.

Maybe Go buy the pipes for balcony curtains.

Would be nice.

Opens at 8am.. damn it\'s bad logistics.

But i think its the way, to build tomorrow.

Although bamboo curtains only arrive on 23-25 if i order now.

\-\--A Tear and a Smile\-\--

Everything is a Tear and a Smile.

Ammy\'s simple mind opening the gateway to the Langauge of the World,
beyond words.

Summer being warm but too hot & sunny.

Job being under-paid but offering very light work.

Even life with her would have a tear and a beautiful smile.

The great back pain.. opening the gateway to awakening.

Other sufferings & pleasures.

Have you forgotten, my friend?

Man i miss speaking english from the heart.

Just like the plan, my friend.

First, launch the course in Romania - building with brother.

Then slowly transcend to english.

The plan is unfolding, right here.

So friday we do Office day with pick-up Ammy run then back home together
after checking out of the office.

Maybe also do Office tomorrow with scooter? Let\'s see.

Could also let little lie about an office day, but not worth it.

KS7 & KS8 not triggered despite sun and PC - using the PC with glasses.

But now, on the night\'s balcony, the eyes remain somewhat adapted to
glasses and offer a blurry input.

9pm.

Late night talk with Spinu and banana, almond milk and avocado smoothie.

The avocado was so beautiful that i put it all. A true dhamma food.

One should buy more - the limit fo 2 makes no sense in the loterry of
avocados.

Ammy has falled asleep.

When she awakes, her journey towards home follows.

Ride to Vivo \~ KS3 persists and deepens.

Inclines the system towards some emotional eating.

Got home. Pondered smoking but meh.. too soon. 

Eate some chips with cream soup - then big paffet croissaint with milk.

The taste of Asia croissaint. But of course, just as that, a lot of
dukkha in this food.

Manifestation of Graph 2.

Quality = -0.4, Timing = 0.1, Logistics = -0.6, HHB = 1.6

KS3 pain now together with KS2 inflamation changes whole alchemy.

Makes the Mind question Ammy.

Play Almost Human, do some light work in the Dojo from time to time.

The system slowly relaxes many hours later, but still there is dukkha.

A restless state persists, of wanting to check the phone or something
constantly.

But also KS3 persists.

2pm.

Beautifully experienced \"Hungry, but i believe.\" a few times before
meal at 2pm.

First Buddha potato bowl - 2 ingredients cream soup with little butter -
topped with all sorts of seeds, whole flour, oil, olives.. little bit
from everything.

Healing. It feels truly healing.

But now what? Body is pretty tired, KS3 medium triggered from a lot of
standing & bar fascial play.

For now, just Yardi and The Builder (return alluminium, buy 20x30
rectangular, measure & prepare to drill with Oszkar).

Maybe even today?

Let\'s see.

\-\--Reviewing Re-Connect\-\--

It\'s clear the first day videos shall be re-done.

There is no way around.

And you are the Master.  Master Lao.

Trust your instinct and knowledge beyond Pelicanu, the great Salesman.

If he don\'t want to do, do alone.

Many weak links in his first video, just as in some of yours.

Greatness, my friend.

But this takes the second place in priority list and as soon as any
spikes about the first day videos arise, they must be completely free\'d
to be later reviewed after Webinar.

Still, tremendous progress with The Hero\'s Journey.

There is enough time, my friend.

With full-heart wake-up and purpose, the system recovery is
exponentially grown.

As 12pm approaches, digestive system begins to truly recover.

Such a different Alchemy than yesterday.

For now, don\'t feel like eating anything.

Just recover, my love.

I love you.

\-\--The Alchemy of Metals\-\--

The Alchemy of Metal is something completely new & different.

Once welded, the whole structure\'s tensegrity changed.

Anchoring in 2 points became wobbly.

But this bar is now perfect for fascial playing & training.

Oszkar advised for new, better bar and approach.

Will return alluminium bars and buy other - ending up cheaper and with a
new beautiful playtoy.

Oszkar is a true gold mine - so much wisdom is One stops to listen.

Love to break words with him.

\-\-\--Play: Gică Petrescu - O viață dedicată cântecului, Căsuța
noastră - Album Integral\-\--

Work Yardi and Build balcony today.

Rest is free.

Yardi work.. with my brother preparing the field from last night, i was
eager to meet it  again.

Oh but NL rent roll complicates some more before full light is shed.

Now there is complete light.

What a complicated context - the LeaseFrom field - calculated strictly
by max() subquery using only dtmoveout and dtleaseto. Fucking code
structure :))).

Low-level understanding of query.

Oh and what a complicated report.

And just when i thought it\'s done, another spiral takes me down to unit
screen population.

Now there is absolute complete light upon the issue.

Wrote beautiful email.

The EU Compliance Developer.

Greatness.

Work done for now. Now go build, my friend.

Good morning, my friend.

Awaken at 4am, but this morning God gave me the strength to fully rise,
not half.

Little clean kitchen, little food preparation for the day, little
writing.

In these dhamma, where the Mind is no longer focusing on fixing the
body - the body heals.

Just as in Recovery, where the healing comes from deeply understanding
the environment and further, the Mind no longer Interfering with Natural
Truths.

Also, of course G-Force needs to be greatly considered.

All in all, some very heavy days with some treasured lessons.

Once again, it is not nearly enough to ponder last 1 or 2 meal.

But whole past days, in both food, energy, habits, G-Force, Air. Soul.. 

But Mind the Food - Truly Mind the food.

Allow the body to Truly Recover in Water and Belief.

I am hungry, but i Believe.

Heal, Body.

Dinica beautifully sings the modern man great suffering.

\"Ca n-am luat totul de la viata, si nu i-am dat cat as fi vrut.\"

If this is realized before old age and possibly, before death, then one
has uncovered The Secrets Of Life.

**- 16 July 2024 -**

**Evening comes.**

For sure stopping food now, in this alchemy, would mean the killing of
the Snowpiercer compartment.

It feels like the microenzymes are chemically asking to be fed.

Fascinating. Truly.

And if i were to kill them, i\'d probably feel worse than giving way to
even excess eating.

It\'s Alive, my friend.

Not a piece of paper.

The Digestive system, enzymes, whole body is fully Alive in an Alive
world.

**Put some time into work today, need to put more.**

Free up the rest of the week from other dhammas, prioritizing this.

**Kaya Sankhara 2 still heavy.**

Burps and farts cleaning out the gas caused in the colon & lower parts.

**PonPon touches my heart as she engages with true dedication and time
in** Pull-up Video.

It really feels this mind & body have touched a life by it\'s past work.

Watch some Lao youtube - man this guy had made some Greatness.

Progress is clearly seen in just a few videos.

**Vivo Ride and Path blocked.**

Tried rebuilding with rocks - cannot.

Tried another path with big ciment edge - cannot with that stone - 

need reeaaally big.

Took final path - longer but sure.

The scooter feels like a horse in complete sync.

There is no fear of falling as One is guiding the horse, lifting it,
manipulating and adapting.

Beautiful.

Sweet talk with Ammy, soon.

She is so beautiful. 

Oh but the fucking awful sound & image on the screen.

A nightmare to experience the love of your life on the screen. limited
to but only 2 handicaped senses ( poor audio and video ).

**\-\--My Dhamma Milk\-\--**

**4.44pm.**

Out on the balcony.

Eate almond milk + whole grains, nuts, fruits - a heavy meal, my friend.

Nutrious, but heavy.

Imagine feeling this at night, with no movement and gravity aid..

My poor dear beloed Ks2.

New idea - prepare cold blue flowers tea with milk and honey - use
substitute for Almond milk.

My milk.

The most dhamma drink i had ever tasted.

Prepared in the morning.

The morning Ritual.

LE: actually the milk stains the purity and effects of the blue dhamma
flower.

**Sleep 13-16 pm.**

Dhamma sleep with KS2 still echoes dukkha.

Relax, my friend.

Post sleep instant urge for comfort food - but the system Holds.

Over-writting genetics DNA strings.

Everything Originates in the Mind.

It was not so bad the time logging, as my friend had already left a lot
prepared.

Logged some jll & stuff.

What is left is to be split between eDocs and NL Rent roll.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Granny suddenly enters the home as i finish the Journey.

Some days in this Alchemy maybe i would have been angry & reacted.

But a feeling echoed in my heart and mind.

\"The Art of Life lies in the constant adaptation to our envinronment.\"

So met her with Love.

Helped her. Listened to her.

Watched her beautiful being. My dear granny.

She gave extraordinary out-side the box advice for the balcony cover.

The great 3 bars supported  outside curtains.

And so, the balcony project blueprint is here.

But how do i drill the metal bars into the wall? 

Build, my friend. 

Did some yardi work - then it\'s time to Move.

Measure: walls pipes 80cm

Curtains height 160-170 cm

Main Pipe L = 370 cm

Curtain/s L = \~ 360 cm

Also buyed wood for adjutable desk. 

A beautiful ride with Granny. I love this woman.

**\-\--The ecstatic granny dance & laughter as we Unveil the Mind\-\--**

Her body just being hot - and dukkha had started to arise.

Like a little aniaml wanting to go and me keeping her.

Her \"Attacks\" have nothing to do with my bidding and clothing.

But with hers.

Reveal the Mind - a feeling of liberation reveals - bursting in laughter
and love.

**\~3-4 hours Recovery\~**

**- 15 July 2024 -**

**\-\-\-\--a Tear\-\-\-\--**

**Well Well Well..**

\~11pm the body goes to sleep.

But The Journey only begins.

**I. Phase 1 Digestion (0-2 hours) - upper stomach - before colon.**

Excess Gastric Acid & Chyme secreted to match the quantity, new enzymes
needed for different than usual meal.

3 hours in, a lot of mixed acidic chyme is filling the whole stomach.

From the G-Force pushing into the lower/left part of the stomach - is
aiding this great excess to move out the stomach and into the upper
tract.

Digestion is slowed by the release of cortisol from stress, aiding in
fermentation & excess gastric acid secretion.

**\~1st Dream **

Father\'s whorehouse.

Father is somehow involved and leading some form of whorehouse.

He is somewhat hiding this from me, as i discover the women and tease
them.

There is slight dukkha from father\'s heart, being involved in a
bussines ran by  Demons of sex.

But life still feels like a game, as i talk and tease around with
whores.

You have nothing to hide from me, father. I love all of you.

Kaya sankhara wakes the Mind up to a sick body, asking to rise.

But the body is too tired, it longs for more sleep.

Meet the Rising with a half-hear. Water. Lay down PC & watch or play.
Closed air, G-Force compression of the excess chyme.

Great tiredness follows soon. Back to sleep in this acidic Alchemy.

** \~**

**II. Phase 2 Digestion (3-4 hours)**

Prolonged  Acid Exposure.

There is chaos is the stomach. The lower part of the stagnant chyme
filled with fruits & fermernting enzymes has moved down the lower part
of the digestive tract and into the small intestine.

Fermentation deepens.

The middle & upper part of the chyme have been stagnant & fermenting &
inflaming the stomac walls and upwarsd the esofagus.

Whole body is acidic & struggling. Burning.

Following a inneficient chewed meal, inneficient digestion with hardship
to digest and secreting more and more acid, the stomach is still
secreting 

Residual Acid Production.

**\~2nd Dream**

I\'m with Ammy on a bus, but i see only her reflection in a mirror.

I am paying close attention to what station she gets off the bus, so
that i can follow.

I cannot touch or feel her and there is a feeling that if i miss the
station, i will lose her.

She is extraordinarily beautiful.

But the feeling of seeing her mere reflection is heart-shattering.

The scene changes into my last day in Thailand, but in a different
envinronment.

It is the last hours before embarking in a long plane ride home.

But Ammy is somehow, together with my home & family, awaiting me at the
destination.

I am anxious about the flight, triggering the fear of death but also the
belief in God & Universe, cointaining it.

Still, there is a great battle & stress.

Digestive system wakes me up again. 4:30 AM.

The sickened KS2 asks again to arise, as the mind begins to process
about Office plan, day, anxiety, post-poning, work stress & neglecting.

But the body is so much tired. Drink water and lay on PC. The G-Force is
gentle-er s othat it allows just some relaxation before falling back to
sleep.

**\~**

**III. Phase 3 Digestion (5-7 hours)**

Esophageal Damage. The excess gastric acid and inefficient digestion
flow has lead to esophageal damage.

Small intenstine  struggles to digest. Bacterial overgrowth - the body
automatically responds to this.

Whole body is now inflamed, fermenting, bloated, upper tract of the
stomach & esophagus burning even to the outside.

The dukkha meal has reached peaked point. Sickness has taken over the
body.

**\~3rd Dream**

Death.

There is no scenery now. A void space in a cold home.

Nothing of the envinronment matters, just as all dhammas from One\'s
life. 

Nothing is important in the face of Death.

It appears before me with it\'s un-avoidable meeting, as the Mind
contemplates it.

\"It\'s coming and there is no way to solve this problem, Mind.\" -
Death mocks the Mind.

Waves and waves of voidness, of nothingness take over the Mind - and
into the body.

The body, is absolutely sickened. Dukkha has now entered and
overhwhelmed the system in all planes.

The third Natural wake-up of Kaya Sankhara 2: 6.40am.

\"Rise, body\" - the stomach asks. The Mind still feels the body tired,
but it has reached a critical point.

Fight the tiredness & suddently it is effortlessly overcame with input
of light & movement.

\"Oh God let my death be on an calm, empty, loving stomach.\" 

Begin the Day.

**\~**

**Once again, the great power of food.**

**Of the Soul.**

Of the Air.

Composing the current Alchemy of the body.

Which later conditions the direction of thoughts, dreams, feelings,
beliefs, fears.

Is it not the most fascinating and alive system One can ever study?

**Evening comes.**

Pondering Smoking & Working OR eating.

The mind chooses eating - it think of some buddha bowl.

But a hastened meal followed.

Black rice, fermented mango, blueberries, coconut, almond vanilla milk -
very heavy at this hour.

Big quantity.

Because of the below, we enter with an Initial Kaya Sankhara 2 Karmic
Balance of -0.5.

Quality = -0.3, Timing = -0.8, Logistics = -0.6, Quantity = 1.6.

It\'s clear now that the dhamma way in that = would have been smoking &
working.

But the Old bearded man had other plans.

Hastening the black rice meal, swallowing in only 2-3 bites.

Stomach fills in greatly.

10:12 pm. Do little house work, but it\'s pointless in the light of the
dukkha meal.

Also we need to add to the mix that there was no afternoon sleep today,
so if one were to rise in the night from KS2 inflammation - arising
would become tired and impossible in a tired body.

**Post call power drops in Floresti - instantly triggering dukkha due to
greatly** limiting evening activity pool.

 - start to eat some oatmeal, it is clear dukkha in this alchemy.

The trickster invokes walking afterwards, giving way to hastened excess
eating. Just as i \"joked\" Mariana in call before.

Such a fine line between emotional eating and eating for hunger.

It\'s clear the previous meal has not yet finished digesting.

\- I do get out to ride, but it\'s of course, a bad 6pm air, although we
find some spots.

KS2 very inflamed, even in standing there are burps of excess gastric
acid & chyme.

Together with little PB & most of all maybe, Work Stress.

It is not necessarily a pressure, but July time and disorder.

Well, it\'s natural, my sweet friend.

Almost All Chi has went into Re-Connect, Neo, School, others.

Yes, it created greatness, but it is nothing without fuel.

Must play this game.

So much dukkha has risen from postponing.

I return to the greatest teaching of Granny\'s. Don\'t postpone what can
be done now. 

If God and Nature allows one do to it\'s bidding, it shall be done.

Or suffering follows.

Also, office day plans & dukkha surround. So much.

**Surprise Call with 5AM club - Lady calls me. **

Very warm and open voice - asking about My story.

Ceva anume ti-a facut un click?

Iti pot trimite un material - 

Vad ca ai dat aici la \"Chestionar scara X\" - nota 2 - ce anume te-a
facut?

A health man has 1000 purposes, yet a sick one has but only one.

**Eat corn and go lidl?**

Then maybe log some time.

**\-\-\-\--And a Smile\-\-\-\--**

**Re-Connect forms is truly ready.**

Integrated per question firestore db storing.

Now it\'s fully usable.

Created repo & Pushed on git.

Now the Master\'s Work is done.

Sun hides beyond the clouds, allowing to finish Spinu.

Maybe stop smoking fo today?

**1pm. Big dhamma smoothie with everything in it.**

Talk with Spinu this afternoon.

New dhamma position leaning on the door with high-desk improvised by
clothes dryer.

An adjustable desk would be wonderful.

Let\'s build it. From Mind to Matter.

Better. Polish. Wax. Legs ground support.

\"By three methods we may learn wisdom:

First is by Reflection, which is the noblest;

Second, by Imitation, which is Easiest;

And third by Experience, which is the bitterest.\"

**Finished form flow integration in re-connect.**

Truly beautiful.  

Once there was patience and light, knowledge followed.

From Mind to Matter.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Bought plane tickets.

Go, money. Go so you may come back when it\'s time.

**- 14 July 2024 -**

**Pondered eating in night\'s evening yard walk and rest.**

Not many options now. 

Half-hearted decided to eat little sips of food - but hunger raised more
upon food touching the mouth and entering the body.

Tortilla & 2x riso - 1.3 HHB, 0.1 Quality, -0.8 Timing, naturally had
energy and done things around - bringing Logistics to 0.

Affected sleep followed, awakening at 4:30 AM.

Meanwhile my Ammy was having one of the darkest nights in he midnight
train.

The language of the world.

Can One respect the Natural truths in the flow of the World?

\"There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined Mind,

And there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined Mind.\"

**Pelicanu pondering to get a driver job and do calls, to have money for
Re-Connect.**

Man.. this guy is amazing.

What a life philosophy.

Ammy leaving to Bangkok with bag, train, no money, not even for train
internet.

Amazing woman.

Not many people in One\'s life.. but they are absolute Legends.

**Checking commercials.. finally some hate.**

I missed it.

\"Sa moara mia, asta e d\'ala cu filetu pe stanga.\"

Work, my friend.

Even when no one believes in your work, work.

For the sake of working.

Reviewing past writings.. man i love this guy.

If greatness it is One cultivates, Greatness one shall reap.

What feels like years after, passed the 500 facebook page likes
threshold.

Cheers, my friend.

**\-\--The longer you wait, the sweeter it is\-\--**

12 hours later with Spinu out, a beautiful day. 

A new pattern.

The system did naturally unfold on this morning\'s plan - that is to
take the afternoon for a good meal and sleep.

I\'ve lived hundreds of variations of days.

LIfe out of the auto-pilot is absolutely beautiful.

Feeling the \"I\" birth and peacefully die.

The neural networks patterns activating and turning off.

Life.

**\-\--Work with N1ptic\-\--**

**Made Firestore database & connection to HTML page work.**

Next implement in Elementor.

Finishing up, linking AC-Elementor-Firestore together.

Art.

**\-\--Dhamma filming \~1 hours - 3 lessons\-\--**

**Miscare cu scop - Tehnologie vs. Sedentarism - Marea De-Conectare.**

Now need to move on PC for edit.

In this high Alchemy, there is no postponing.

Grab SSD - test the 2 - only the specifically for ios SanDIsk works.

Save videos to ssd. Moving to PC next.

**Idea for \"What is to Move with Purpose\" arises naturally - **

Talk like i\'m talking to my self. More than it. Actually do it.

This shall be the beginning of video - then transition to actually
talking about it.

\"Cum as putea sa le explic eu oamenilor astia frumosi ca Miscarea
este.. \" - beginning.

Beyond the fears of failure and distrust, there is a great dhamma in
talking.

Remember.

**Stinky beautiful poo poo to mark the recovery of the body.**

The chyme has moved down the colon, absorbing and processed by the body.

The system slowly recovers.

Mind the Days A, B, C and the inter-connectivity.

**Started another TikTok commercial.**

The lose ratio is 80 lei for 64 actual lei on coins.

Where is this loss happening?

It seems the in-app converting of 1400 coins to 64 lei - is different
than buying ratio of 80 lei - 1400 coins.

Aah.. it\'s fucking apple service fee dude - applying even on coins.

They caught the bug and fixed it.

Fuck. Let\'s see if i can promote without. Desktop app or granny android
phone.

It\'s extraordinarily high.

They fee 2 times - one time at buying coins / fee - and another in
processing fee - coins.

So, 50 lei commercial becomes 80 lei total.

Fucking thieves.

Adapt.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Last night\'s meal Clear input to KS 2 Karmic Balance Function:

Initial Karmic Balance = 0.4

Quality = 0.65

Timing = -0.9

Logistics  = -0.9

It becomes purely a question of prepared and aware is One to meet and
watch it unfold.

Then of adapting to eat. To each bite.

\~ Recovery Time 2-3 hours \~

**- 13 July 2024 -**

**The 10.48pm Omen.**

This exact time finds me again in the front of PC, watching TV series,
eating.

It has truly been a long day, did my work here on earth played my part -
now the body goes into faulty() programming.

The evening firewalls have been down lately.

Everything One needs to know is in Re-Connect.

**Another upset KS2 wake-up.**

**So acidic..**

The pullback to familiar patterns is so strong - in both body & mind.

It\'s not only the mind on auto-pilot - but also he body - together.

It seems the Omens, it somewhat sees the graph unfolding, tries to
adjust logistics after meal - but it\'s futile.

Its so late. The system is tired.

Sleep soon comes effortless and taking over the body.

**\-\-\--Play: Madalina Manole - Marea, cat dragostea noastra\-\-\--**

**Sitting here on the balcony, shirtless.**

**The body is not as fit now, but this doesn\'t make it any less great
in my eyes.**

**It\'s beautiful. I love it.**

Reading about the Alchemist meeting Fatima, with Ammy\'s picture looking
at me from the balcony, serving as a book sign.

The old sage talking about penetrating into the Soul of the World.

\"I\'ve brought Omens from the desert\" - the boy presents at the Oasis
guards.

**Facebook commercials giving some signs of life.**

Better than first wave.

Much slower than first Webinar.

Tiktok pushed out the Food commercial.

37 lei for 150 website clicks it says.

Let\'s invest in it some more.

**8pm.**

**Second smoothie.**

Made one with honeydew - which felt bad from first bite - but the mind
entered slight dellusion.

Instant mucus on first bite & sip.

Throw away.

Just like yesterday with meat - performing Dhamma test 1 & 2 - clear
dukkha and abandonment.

New smoothie. No honeydew this time.

Just throw in some bananas, coconut, nuts.. its perfect.

**\-\--The Force is taking me..\-\-- **

To contemplate M\*, but not M\*.

Rather effortless work on Github with Neo, programming, beautiful meal,
full stop.

It\'s doing itself.

I am not doing anything.

**KS7 & KS8 haven\'t been affected lately, since Sun & Screen
protection**

** sentiment was updated.**

**The Alchemist.**

**2pm. **

**Dhamma smoothie with new stuff - tastes amazing. **

**Little bit of all kinds of dhamma foods.**

System has recovered.

VR is clearly fucking up brain perception - but greatly depends on what
game.

Light saber game, for example - is non-triggering.

It seems that games which try simulating real world trigger the most.

**\~What is to Move with Purpose? \~**

**Kept pondering this as i cleaned the house, kitchen, put door on the
shelter, shower,** dried hair, more cleaning & ordering jewels, ride
scooter, walk, carry.

The door was very heavy. Needed to deeply understand the envinronment,
gravity and manipulating it towards One\'s purpose.

\~3 hours later i\'m back home.

All kinds of movements with all kinds of purposes requiring different
motors skills each.

Body is fully awake, connected and prepared for life.

This is to Move with Purpose.

The sun rises in the singing of the morning birds and work of men.

The day begins, asking for the laptop moment on the balcony to come to a
Natural End.

**Oh my god.. i love to make this woman angry.**

**She is so fucking passionate. Full and lead by emotions.**

**What is to Move with Purpose? **

What a fascinating question to ponder upon.

What is to Rest when needed?

To move with purpose is the true expression of body & mind.

It is wherethe body & mind come together, not apart.

It is why it feels so effortless.

To Move without purpose is - Morpheus beautifully continues.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Contemplating if to pay visa lady, considering the fuck she gave me.

But give her understanding. Be better than her.

Sent money.

**\~Recovery time 3-4 hours\~**

**- 12 July 2024 -**

**Oh my, oh my, oh my.**

**What a sick sleep & awakening.**

It\'s so not worth it, my friend.

So not worth it. The evening feast.

**Contemplating eating.**

It\'s very hard to understand & guide this alchemy.

Cannot watch TV series without eating, it not stimulating enough.
Especially at night. So note this down.

Eat oatmeal (moderate X pattern) - then chips & riso (high X Pattern) -
then 2x icecreams (high X pattern).

Once again manifestation of dukkha food graph 2.

But One has become such a Master in recovery - more than a Master in
\"prevention\" - In the big run.

The system appears not only to Recover, but to thrive despite it.

Takeaway: The world of games, programming, reflections, redacting had
already teached One what is the Evening Dhamma Alchemy.

Stop food, yet don\'t kill anybody.

Little sips of dhamma food for true hunger.

Also, fasting in the day conditions the night hunger.

It\'s not about giving up night eating, but about balancing it.

Live thousands of days and variations - do not get stuck in auto-pilot.

Eat in the morning, read in the morning, move in the night - explore
thousands of variations of life.

**Commercials performing very poorly this round.**

Adapt. Check Tik-tok. Change fb commercial type.

Maybe it\'s Tik-Tok\'s turn this time.

**Plan for this weekend:**

Log Yardi Time

Film for Re-Connect & keep working.

Brought Tasks - A Hero\'s journey up to speed, up until Chapter 4 -
Movement.

Now need to film it.

\~Working for the sake of working, not for the fruits of the work.\~

**Winter is coming for Spinu - no solution in the close horizon.**

Let\'s see. Save some talk for webinar day.

The day has become far shorter - sunset now coming around 9 pm.

The ever-changing Nature..

**9pm.**

Out on the balcony with self-made smoothie.

Man it\'s better than anything i\'d buy. I make it however i want, 

sweet, salty, fruity, nutty.

The Art of Smoothie. Need to buy 2 more pepco glasses.

Working little bit on Re-Connect.

It\'s weekend.

It seems i was wrong about visa - and indeed one needs to 

show up to embassy for result.

Adopt Bubu\'s technique of acting like i never even said the first one, 

no matter how absurd it is.

It\'s all in how you think.

Just as work, a happening can be against one or

 one can raise against a happening.

**There is enough time..**

Again the same hidden life skill arises in a clear mind.

There is enough time for everything.

The Clear Mind in Action.

**12pm.**

Second meet with Spinu & talk with Mister.

Big meal. Sleep follows. Of course, heavy-ish stomach.

Rise after a while.

Another extremely hot day - best choice in this logistics appears 

to stay around home.

**\"Our greatest ability is to choose one thought over another.\"**

**Creating task from the great Kaya Sankhara 2 Karmic Balance work.**

**Reusable code.** Fucking magic.

The binding of Worlds.

**All in all, some beautiful progress lately.**

Home beings once again, after many years, to shelter food.

The Fear is Food is gone.

Water.. becomes absolutely lovable to drink.

How could i be so blind regarding water?

Well, the dukkha the Mind thought it\'d bring by buying constant water -
(unknown, money, logistics, fear to move) - completely overcame the
reality of it. (the drinking of water).

**Circumstances don\'t make the man.**

**They only reveal him to himself.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Best office plan is: go \~6am - check in - return home - then do second
run in the afternoon.

Ideally when Tavu is not there.

This is Office day with minimal impact.

Let\'s do 2x next week?

Now it\'s already 7:30am.

**Defeat.. my defeat. **

Through you i know that i am still young and swift of foot

And not to be trapped by withering laurels

And in you, i have found Aloneness.

And the Joy of being shunned and scorned.

**Another night of great dukkha eating. **

Fall asleep on the chair - wake up with some numbness in leg from
position.

Sleep-eating milk & dukkha cake. It feels like it\'s not even the mind
doing it.

But the Body.

The mind is in the realms of sleep - yet the body reacts.

Pure bio-chemical reactions and conditionings. 

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours\~**

**- 11 July 2024 -**

**10 pm.**

**The body & mind had done their part in the world on men. **

Their work. Chi depleted.

In the night\'s alchemy, meeting it with previous eaten food and
aliveness of the gut, only one dhamma remains available.

The aliveness of the microbiome is guiding the body - and the body 

is guiding the Mind.

Just so, the mind is disregarding any dhamma food, needing cooking or
planing.

A very heavy day, filled with dukkha and stress. From many ways.

The Mind is craving the japanese TV series realms - but this instantly
conditions eating. Together with the evening, instantly conditions
dukkha food.

Eat oatmeal.. then chips & riso - and finish with ice cream. 

A lot of food. Wait for a while then sleep follows soon.

Wake up 12am - sleep-eat milk + cake.

Awake at 4:20am. Very acidic state. Shot of bi-carbonate helps but
cannot quinch.

Play Almost Human. A very beautiful game.

Total immersion with moments of pullback to real life body due to
sickness.

But as the mind immerses furher into the game world, the body can do
it\'s bidding, unstained by the Mind\'s focus.

System slowly recovers.

Takeaway: The body driving itself. The Mind can only Guide, not force.

Mind the whole day.

Dhamma food graph 2 unfolding, with timing & logistics -1.

\~Learn to Labor - and Learn to Wait\~

**Doing some work.. **

Anything. Ioana eDocs. Re-Connect tasks.

It doesn\'t matter what. Just do.

Then the mind will find contentment upon doing something successfully.

Piti.

**Extremely hot day.**

The afternoon Spinu made no sense.. coming with bad inside logistics.

Staying in home mostly..

In this current Spinu deal, would be good to meet twice per day, some
days.

That means use the afternoon for eating instead of Spinu & M, especially
when logistics don\'t allow anything.

In this weather & logistics, it\'s hard to stay on PC.

**Oh but the smoothie is amazing.**

Making heaven from what i got.

Beautiful avocado, frozen banana, little ice cream, little chia, 

little dried fruits and nuts.

Tastes like Surat Thani smoothie.

**Visa drama with lady unable to fucking login to mae.**

A child could do it. 

And ammy believing her out of fear of the unknown.

Or could it be true? Only releasing visa in person?

A powerful wave floods my chest and stomach.

But it is still life - Adapt.

For sure cannot buy plane tickets at this point.

I know its absurd. But maybe they\'re too limited. Or maybe they right.

So much drama.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Wake up 3am.**

Oh my god, the Wok\'n Roll vegan burger was awful.

Never again.

Continuing to poo a lot, both stinky and quantity.

Scooter ride to Floresti center, some walk, some play, some gifting of a
Water.

**The Art of Programming - Recursiveness.**

With the new wave of commercials, because i have programmed them in such
a way, i am able to generate new commercials cycle with minimum effort.

**Re-usable code. This is the magic.**

Just as One working on tasks i often copy-paste from main Course.

**- 10 July 2024 - **

Went M\*\*\*.

**Getting hungry and not much choice.. nor energy to make.**

Find Wok\'n\'Roll - order vegan burger and noodles.

Efortless wait while playing little VR with glasses.

It\'s very uncomfortable to play with glasses - and the body still
reacts in many ways - showing it does not like it.

Food arrives.

Dukkha from first bite. Of course, different than chocolate and ordinary
stuff.

But the mind soon turns off this feeling and indulges in eating.

As soon as I finish, dukkha is here.

Instant clinging to more calming food.

Eat milk, butter and jam.. cmon my friend you know better. I\'m sorry,
my love, my life.

My Kaya Sankhara 2.

The Game was already lost when dhamma food test was ignored.

The Art Of Food.

I Wonder how\'s my friends Journey.

The Alchemist.

**Aloneness again.. after 4 days with brother N.**

New wave of commercials incoming.

I am ready.

Everything calms down\...

Posting some videos on TikTok - let\'s insert another coin in TikTok
Promote.

Changing profile picture - a new era.

The curly hair playboy sleeps as the Healer rises.

Working on Re-Connect Hero\'s Journey & Course.

Will focus on this these days.

More online content follows. 

It\'s a beautiful game to play.

**All in all, the mountains cottage was a beautiful experience.**

Knowing the environment until One learns it intimately.

So then it can flow with it. Not against.

Last hour lotus position on chair with arms supported on porch.

**Oh my god, shited so much and so good last 24 hours.**

Body triggered or cleaning post dhamma environment?

Probably both.

Out on the balcony with Spinu - there was a choice between apple juice
and X - 

X Required supermarket - and still nothing was appealing - only
expensive.

After a short while, done my own smoothie.

Smoke, but smoke serving a true fresh dhamma smoothie.

Learn combinations.

**Catching up work.. sleeping.. staying out of the Sun.**

It is so powerful.

Feeling so good. 

Falling in and Out of Love rises naturally.

Ignoring this Natural truth, just like the others, will only bring
dukkha.

**Good morning, my friend.**

This cottage is truly amazing.

Father arrived as well.

**- 9 July 2024 -**

**Evening comes.**

Tried out some chips before bed tonight, as the body is so tired and
still craving energy.

Like 80g chips (oil, starch, potatoes) - eaten in horizontal position
while watching MrBeast.

Pretty affected sleep - 

Of course.

But Rise to the Morning Cottage. 

Walk to River.

Breath.

Break a coconut.

**With Natural Truths of Air, Movement.. Sun, Food, **

even dukkha and excess - is unable to cultivate dukkha.

**Call with Re-Connect Olga.**

**What a beautiful experience, free flow of talk.**

The cottage beautifully paints the past of my life with childhood
objects telling stories of youth.

**Good morning from the Old Shepherd, my friend.**

Patience from Zhou.

Study the environment. Know the environment deeply. Then Adapt.

First, it\'s about finding relaxing spots.

Chest supported laptop.

Move around. Seek.

Once this is attained, piti follows.

The Mind becomes content.

**- 8 July 2024 -**

**Meal begins with buddha bowl but body is left craving.**

Continue with little waffle - instant dukkha.

Change to milk and white bread croissants.

**The night is full of life, all kinds of night little flies in many
forms.**

Old N is greatly abusing his body and his body speaks constantly.

**Takeaway: Glasses when using the screen **

And glasses in the sun.

Complete change in body alchemy.

The Alchemist.

**Evening comes with short ride to father and little lidl preparing for
tomorrow Cottage.**

The Old Shepherd.

Oh but the legs are tired.. the whole body is.

A lot of work today.

**Afternoon big meal.**

Dhamma cream soup followed by chips, pistachio ecler + milk and little
ice cream.

Slight excess, but there is energy. Life.

With dhamma food cultivated before as in Corn, cream soup, little whole
flour !and

With KS7 & KS8 because of the Glasses & Sun Protection - 

The system is ready for light movement and dhamma work.

Full stop.

System slowly calms down..

Granny visit, yard walk in the shadow.. 

LIfe is beautiful.

**\-\--The Magic of Glasses\-\--**

**Man working on PC/playing - whatever with glasses is so much more
effortless.**

Did not use them much lately.

KS8 - Digital eye strain - Strain.

I can feel it also now as i take off glasses and ees truggle to focus &
process computer screen.

Fascinating.

**Back home 12pm.**

**Sun hides before some light shadows, allowing some laptop work.**

Food is prepared.

Maybe start preparing some croissants?

Ride around Floresti, buying more woods stuffs.

Changed helmed to darker one - instant better meeting of the sun.

Gear is everything.

Oh and the Sun, my friend. So powerful.

**Slowly, my friend.**

The Gateway to HTML and Javascript.

Fully in sync with CS50 Course.

What an alignment.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Dojo work in cleaning, preparing food for 2 hours.

With sleep improved lately, its been going around the Postpone_wakeup()
module.

This means that the system postpones the natural wake-up of the body,
\"cheating\" with little water and spending more time down.

I already know this is a rise against the Natural Truths. And dukkha
will surely follow.

Last weeks have been full of night time eating.

**Well, the Soul also had a hard time - with Ammy, ReConnect, bad luck,
scooter, money..** bla bla bla.

Return to the Natural Truths, my friend.

Its no easy thing.

These things are already beautifully depicted in the Dojo.

**Its clear how as the system functionality dropped due to KS2, 7, 8 **

**-\> everything else followed.**

As functionality drops, evening firewalls and dhamma modules are unable
to execute.

Sickness follows.

A crack in the wall means weakness in the whole system.

Dukkha will sure try to rise.

Mind the Sun.

Glasses for PC. Sun-glasses for the outside. Hat/Ear cover when needed.

Carve, my friend.

Bend the World to One\'s system.

**Changed coffee metal filter.**

Complete different taste. Complete complete different alchemy of the
coffee.

Then change coffee filter.

Wow. Complete different coffee alchemy.

**\~Recovery time 2-3 hours\~**

**- 7 July 2024 -**

**Another night eating late.**

Vegetables quesadillas - and 3 icecreams with more quesadillas.

Of course, dukkha.

But such a heavy day on the Natural Systems of the Body.

KS2 Karmic Balance Graph 2 unfolding.

There was no Chi or dhamma evening pool available.

The Soul is sickened.

**Big N visits.**

Neo Fire lights about HTML & Javascript.

Purpose rises.

Let\'s see.

System calms down as Sun calms down.

Mind the Sun, my friend.

Do not deny the Natural Truths.

**Visit & Coffee at Rachita this morning.**

KS7 & KS8 greatly triggered by Sun & vortex shedding.

The magical road back - with left hand protecting the head.

It seems that Sun hitting the eye & forehead has tremendous negative
effects.

Combined with vortex shedding from scooter or home - absolute disaster.

Persisted throughout the morning together with a low-energy state and
prone-to-viruses.

Whole body weakened.

Takeaway: Sunglasses and helmet change - a simple change which fucks up
the eyes.

Also maybe echoes of VR ?

**- 6 July 2024 - **

** **

**Neo finds purpose and immerses in programming experience.**

Of course, with Morpheus by my side.

Man i\'ve missed this Guy.

These would have taken months, years to learn on my own.

**11pm.**

**Late talk with Spinu.**

Learning about Re-Connect hosting and elementor.

Perhaps knowledge of a true brother, N1ptic, would come in handy?

Another high Glycemic afternoon meal.

Followed by a similar body alchemy.

Sustained by cold drink, VR eye strain, Ammy dukkha, Scooter troubles,
etc.

Calm down..

Clean air..

Bring light.

When you log into web setup - you login into Word Press.

What is Word Press, then?

**\-\--Head/Brain Pressure from VR\-\--**

Just as when riding 1h+ with the helmet & hat pressing on the head/brain

 - creating pressure - 

A similar feeling arises from VR excess and triggering.

This also plays a part in the weakened system.

Man everything is so connected.

And everything is a Natural Truth - beyond the stories of the Mind.

Food, Teeth, brain pressure, glycemic index spice, air quality, lack of
dhamma activity - everything coming together into weakening the whole
system.

**\-\--When One system falls down -\> everything follows\-\--**

**After huge excess power meal -\> the glycemic index appears to drop **

**-\> and whole body enter weakened state.**

Fatigue, throat inflamed from cold drinks.. man just everything is 

so complicated and connected.

Poor Ammy worries of money but the Mind paints dukkha pictures of her 

innocent lies with few hundreds leis. 

Money which had gone today towards dukkha food.

Glycemic Index KB - Again, mind this, my friend.

**\-\--Questioning VR\-\--**

It\'s definitely triggering digital eye strain.

But also everything is so connected.. The dukkha food eaten, giving way
to so much sugar, white flour, gem, pistachio cheap cream.

Pure gluttony and excess.

The teeth feel so hurt.

Then the teeth seem to trigger the eyes in VR and the eyes seem to
trigger the teeth.

**Back home Talk with mommy Ammy.**

She is so sweet and believes so much this little heart.

Changing Atom school, staying home mom in dukkha.

But she feels safe now, in the midst of all chaos.

Like she\'s coming home.

6 Months my friend, of journey in aloneness without a woman\'s touch. No
easy thing.

**Inside Air getting bad triggering low KB,**

**Scooter had broken over night - i felt from first moment it\'s bad
spot.**

Shedding light:

The semi-moon spins the engine and turns the piston inside the 

cylinder (compression, fuel, spark)

Opening the throttle slightly when kickstarting can help introduce more
air and fuel into the combustion chamber, making it easier for the
engine to start. However, too much throttle can flood the engine, making
it more difficult to start.

Examine the Ignition System: Remove and inspect the spark plug. Clean or
replace it if necessary. Check the ignition coil and wiring for any
signs of wear or damage.

Test for Compression: Perform a compression test to ensure the engine
has adequate compression. If the compression is low, it may indicate
internal engine issues that need to be addressed.

Fails, Overwhelming - or lessons in Adaptation?

Still, because the natural truths of Movement and Food are respected,
the problems don\'t seem problems - but journeys and adaptations.

All in all, very beautiful movement throughout the day.

**\-\--The Knowledge Of a Thousand Brothers\-\--**

What a trade-off of the modern world.

One not knows anything about croissants.

Yet he has the knowledge on how and where to search.

Video \"Professional Baker Teaches You How To Make CROISSANTS!\".

\~Buy lavender tool for dough

\~Buy wood roll

**Good morning, my friend.**

The yard stone paving is done.

Air quality clearly affected - together with my comfortable squat
sitting positions.

Fuck.. the worldings man have managed to fuck my Yard.

Also, the low KS2 plays a part in this.

If only i had the money\.... to find my dhamma place and build my Dojo.

Is this too much to ask? Its all in how you think.

20 July set for next Webinar.

It\'s hard to find Falling In and Out of Love in the new Yard data,
causing stress.

**It\'s all in how well you adapt.**

**- 5 July 2024 - **

**Flo\' visits the Dojo.**

Reminds me so much of myself, from some years ago. And some parts of
today.

Evening comes. 

Pistachio roll + milk already strong birthed.

But also the smoking + M\*\*\*.

But with a mere smell of Spinu and reflections on body tiredness, 

the mind disregards this.

Sticks only to eating.

The roll is clear dukkha from half-way in.

The other half is purely to \"heal\".

Little riso after.

Affected sleep, of course.

Wake up \~2:30 am, watch some twitch.. 

Acidity slowly calms down.

Sleep again until 7.

In danger of getting caught with mom, sneaking around.

Takeaway: In that alchemy, previous intake, logistics, i think the best
adaptation would have been half + milk and stop there.

Eat half the pistachio with milk - for hunger before pleasure. Then
stop.

Maybe it\'s time to learn to bake your own croissants and rolls. 

**Addressing KS7 & KS8 X Pattern:**

Glasses

Coffee if predicted dukkha environment

Little intakes of food

Wash tooth with dhamma calming toothpaste

**Tooth itching as they start to heal.**

**Man this whole body is so Alive. **

**\-\-\--The Flow of Sickness Rising \-\-\--**

(Unconsciousness developing of KS7 & KS8 X pattern - 

KS7 - vortex shedding feeling, headache, tooth pain, ear pain, eye pain

KS8 - digital eye strain)

**Everything begins with a poor sleep and a late-coffee in the sun.**

First meal some gnocchi (75% white flour, 25 % potatoes) - eaten in
moderation.

A glycemic response is triggered soon with a short high spike - 

followed by an aggressive descent.

**In the weakened system together with too much sun exposure and screen
time - energy levels drop. So does the body\'s protection.**

Then One smokes too much in a humidified environment following a bad
sleep.

Not sure why, but smoking in humidified env. is definitely more
triggering.

The system is weakened and prone to X pattern for 

various Kaya Sankharas (Body Conditioners).

Short walk to monastery - the low energy continues. Breathing is shallow
and heavy.

Gets home - eats big meal of white flour bread + cream cheese +
vegetables.

Immediately followed by 80g dark chocolate with nuts, more bread and
almond milk.

Huge excess meal leading to deepening of the X Pattern.

One M\*\*\*, depleting sexual energy and further, the body immunity\'s
response? Possibly.

Evening comes - KS7 & KS8 are slightly already triggered, 

KS2 (digestive system) is also acidic now and heavy.

Eat some rice with almond milk and bananas and berries. Well the meal
hurt more than it helped, i feel like there was enormous gastric acid
waiting, previous food already fermenting in the colon - and the fruits
greatly aided to it.

Very dark sleep & dreams follow, KS2 pulling the Mind back to the real
world 

because of its sickness and acidity.

Day begins. Coffee is postponed until 11am. 

KS7 & KS8 trigger deepens.

Eat legumes vegetables (hard to digest) & rice - the system\'s acid
index rises.

KS7, 8, slightly 2 triggered.

Cannot Focus. Cannot Work.

Plays VR - a game with a lot of blue and white light.

Digital eye triggers more.

Eats some chocolate and milk - system somewhat relaxes - but teeth pain
persists.

Wash teeth and go for a walk.

Slowly recovering as evening comes..

**Let\'s see it structured.**

**Poor Sleep and Late Morning Coffee in the Sun**

**Impact:** Insufficient sleep weakens the body\'s resilience,
increasing sensitivity to stressors. Sun exposure without adequate
hydration or nutrition exacerbates fatigue.

**First Meal: Gnocchi (75% White Flour, 25% Potatoes)**

**Glycemic Response:** The meal triggers a quick spike in blood sugar
due to high glycemic ingredients, followed by a sharp drop, causing an
energy crash.

Weakened System with Too Much Sun Exposure and Screen Time

**Impact:** Prolonged sun exposure and digital eye strain further
deplete energy levels and weaken the body\'s protective mechanisms.

**Smoking in a Humidified Environment**

**Trigger:** Humidity may intensify the effects of smoking, leading to
increased irritation and oxidative stress on the body, especially after
poor sleep.

Low Energy and Shallow Breathing During a Walk to the Monastery

**Impact:** Physical activity feels more strenuous due to low energy,
causing shallow breathing and insufficient oxygenation.

**Excessive Meal:** White Flour Bread, Cream Cheese, Vegetables, Dark
Chocolate with Nuts, More Bread, and Almond Milk, more chocolate

**Glycemic Impact:** This large, carbohydrate-heavy meal leads to
another glycemic spike and subsequent crash, further weakening the
system.

**M\*\*\*\*\***

**Impact:** Can deplete sexual energy and lower overall vitality,
potentially 

weakening the immune response.

**Evening:** Triggering of KS7 & KS8, Digestive Issues (KS2)

**Impact:** Digestive discomfort and acidity affect sleep quality,
leading to vivid, disturbed dreams, and further exacerbating physical
and mental fatigue.

**Evening Meal:** Rice with Almond Milk, Bananas, and Berries

**Gastric Impact:** This meal, while nutritious, may cause excessive
gastric acid production, aggravating pre-existing digestive issues and
leading to further discomfort.

**Next Day: Delayed Coffee Until 11 AM**

**Impact**: Delaying coffee leads to caffeine withdrawal symptoms,
worsening KS7 & KS8 triggers.

**Meal of Legumes, Vegetables, and Rice**

**Impact:** Hard-to-digest foods increase the system\'s acid index,
causing more digestive distress (KS2) and weakening overall energy.

**VR Gaming with Blue and White Light**

**Impact: P**rolonged screen time exacerbates digital eye strain (KS8)
and contributes to headaches and discomfort.

**Chocolate, Bread and Milk**

**Temporary Relief:** Provides some relief but does not address the
underlying glycemic instability and tooth pain.

**Teeth Washing and Walk**

**Recovery:** Slowly aids in recovery as the evening progresses.

**Hmmmm\...**

**Now let\'s add to it the matters of the unconsciousness and Soul.**

**Some form of failing in the long awaited webinar as power drops,
pelicanu forgets to record, nobody buys.. a disaster from a POV in a
high-acidic state.**

**Ammy going to sleep hurt.**

**Losing money in gamble - playing 100 lei because of the paradoxical
money issues.**

**Losing huge ring which i\'ve worked 4-5 honest months for.**

**\-\--KS7 & KS8 triggered without AC:New Data\-\--**

How?

There was no AC today.

Spending some time in the morning sun - around 10-11.

Also postponed coffee and Spinu.

Played VR around 1pm - clear trigger to KS8 (digital eye strain).

But the community keeps me going. (X pattern exposure).

**\--Vegetables triggering more KS7 & dukkha\--**

**The chosen vegetables today seemed to trigger dukkha.**

Onion, ginger, green beans, carrots - pretty hard (and new) to digest.

We must raise the question of other chemical aspects - like glicemic

This \"X Pattern\" of alternating between a high sugar intake day and a
fasting day creates an unstable environment for blood sugar regulation.
The high sugar intake on Day 1 causes rapid spikes and drops in blood
sugar, leading to insulin spikes. The subsequent fasting on Day 2,
especially without the usual morning coffee, exacerbates the body\'s
struggle to maintain stable blood sugar levels, leading to hypoglycemia.

**Some work account issues.**

Just like Evelyn\'s energy - **it\'s all in how you think.**

Beliefs are broken and reborn in people\'s constellations, depending on
who stands unshaken.

**Almost 24 hours later, i meet Spinu again.**

Only one time today, my sweet friend.

We must take care of our sweet Kaya Sankhara.

Let's invest in healing today.

**Water..Fresh Air..**

**The system slowly recovers. But it is extraordinarily tired.**

Watch MrBeast building 100 houses for the people - this is community. To
help others. Build a better, more beautiful world.

I fall asleep again. This time i venture into the previous realm to
fight back.

The same overwhelming feeling of Death surrounds this body & mind.

The same void-inducing waves as in childhood - the Nothingness - The
Inescapable Death. Crawling. Coming.

Taking over the Body, The Mind - everything - the pulsating energy of
Fear of Death in the Mind - The Greatest unknown - but it\'s a familiar
wave. 

It has been with me since childhood\'s hour.

But a pilgrim\'s Voice rises by itself.

\"Can you believe, when you don\'t understand?\" - this question
instantly quinch the arised dukkha.

I am feeling and hearing my heartbeat like never before. It\'s like a
big concert.

My little Heart - i can feel it. It\'s struggling now to beat. To pump
blood.

Rest, my little heart.

Sleep again until 9am. 

Of course, office completely disregarded for today.

** - 4 July 2024 -**

**An affected sleep followed, dukkha crawling more and more on both KS
and KS2.**

**\"Wrath Of God\" - The Darkest dream i\'ve ever had follows. (detailed
in Dreams Diary)**

**5am. **

**Wake up from it kneeling, asking repentance in front **

**of the Natural Truths. Air (Smoking) and Food.**

** **

**Evening comes. **

Despite no food, KS2 is continuing to be inflamed. The dark chocolate 

really appears to have upset it hard.

KS too. Breath feels short & shallow.

The Mind contemplates what to eat - clearly avoids more sweets now. 

But nothing else prepared.

Boil some rice, go for a little yard walk while it\'s preparing, go to
granny.

But both KS and KS2 sicknesses are knocking on the door.

Come home - eat rice bowl with almond & coconut milk, 2 different
berries and banana.

Won\'t the fruits hurt KS in this alchemy, giving way to more
fermentation ? 

Full stop after finishing around Hara Hachi Bu.

But it appears KS2 has not really calmed down from this. The fruits were
indeed a bad choice.

Eat one wholewheat grisine and sleep follows soon.

**KS aided by morning coffee & spinu, yet greatly, greatly affected by
second smoke.**

Big meal in the afternoon. 

White bread, cream cheese, a lot of vegetables - 

\*finishing up with huge cheesecake dark chocolate with more bread - and
Rugasa chocolate with more bread and milk.

Did not feel much dukkha at the time of eating & shortly after. Sleep
followed soon. A sweet sleep.

But soon after waking up, KS2 sickness started to grow more and more.

KS too. Not even considered smoking in the afternoon and evening.

Rise from sleep. Water. Walking. Cleaning\...

**Good morning, my friend.**

A rainy, clouded day continues.

But its very beautiful.

KS2 and KS slowly recovering.

A perfect day for relaxing, reflecting, reading, playing VR.

Office day Tomorrow.

**- 3 July 2024 -**

**10pm.**

**Short Talk with Mister, smoke - then M\*\*\*.**

**Eat Corn.. sweeet.**

**But a great hunger arises, and more then huger - the desire to birth
the Eater.**

**So much Chi depleted tonight.**

**So continued to eat.. protein bars with the whole wheat rolls, little
ice cream.**

**The Kit-kat ice cream is clear diary dukkha. Never Again - but avoided
milk. Drank some almond coconut wata\'.**

**Fall asleep soon on chair until 12 and then move to Dojo\'s living
room from 12 to 6.**

**Wake up to an upset KS2, but different flavor than the great excess
combined with milk days.**

**KS also affected by late night\'s smoking.**

**Urge to drink coffee & smoke again.**

**Old bearded guy.. what a plan he had stored for us.**

**Power cut down right before Webinar.**

**Full Adaptation - Full Clear Mind in Action.**

**in the midst of sharing screens, controls and unexpected issues,
pelicanu did not manage to record.**

**A shame/misfortune/defeat, or a chance to Rebuild - Better -
Stronger - Wiser ? **

**\-\--Meeting the Webinar in Dhamma Alchemy\-\--**

**Oh what a dhamma food day.**

**Pure dhamma up to this point.**

**Wow.**

**Of course, it\'s not meeting the body needs in terms of expenditure.**

**Need to find some dhamma food higher in calories. **

**And of course, the Timing and Logistics.**

**With power down, issues with powerpoint control, stress of power not
coming back - dukkha slowly rises.**

**Enter the Flow from time to time, but also meeting some slides with
some form of the belief being shaken.**

**Some slides are too long and fall out of flow.**

**\-\--Preparing for Webinar\-\--**

**Fine touches in beginning of presentation:**

**1. engage din primu moment cu viewerii (ziceti daca ma aud alea alea
)**

**2. second engage & connection (sunt curios cu ce asteptari sunteti
aici)**

**3. O sa dureze cam o ora jumate - anihilare grija ca e prea
lung&plictisitor&ruepre pl ( o sa dureze cam o ora jumate - desi gusti
stia ca ajunge 2+)**

**4. Diferenta intre ce dam gratis si in programe - in programe ne
asiguram ca omu pune in aplicare (build experience).**

**La cat ii de plin internetu, toti ar trebui sa fim full on - **

**Asta pentru ca un proces educational nu este doar libertatea de
informatie - asta te duce pana la un anumit nivel. **

**The great dogma \"Azi ati invatat ceva nou, va culcati linsititi - dar
maine dimianta daca nu iei ceva actiune - nu se schimba nimic.\" **

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Ending in beautiful note (bravo voua, felicitari ca ati investit
timpul asta).**

**Other than this - Play.**

**Enjoy.**

**Ready to Win, Ready to Lose.**

**\-\--The Art of Food\-\--**

**Eate half corn.**

**Then talk with Spinu.**

**Buddha bowl to follow soon.**

**Then rest & digest. Maybe little work around Dojo.**

**Calm down.. restore chi.. and prepare for Webinar.**

**\-\--Warrior back to Gym\-\--**

**If you want to pursue greatness in movement, you must train with
Emotion.**

**Summon it through memory, music, interactions. Whatever. Summon
Emotion. Then turn it into power.**

**Beautiful, strong, connected movement.**

**It\'s been a long time.**

**Made membership for 1 month. 200 ron gym + sauna. It\'s good. **

**Need to remember to turn on sauna before.**

**Maybe take out.**

**Slightly drops  of new beautiful iphone.**

**Take_care sentiment was automatically brought down lately.**

**Update back to high.**

**JLL call magically postponed to tomorrow.**

**Ringlight is here. **

**Everything is set.**

**Maybe take out window curtain? And play around with Ringlight ?**

**Talk with my brother, i\'ve missed hearing this guy sell.**

**What a Master.**

**We got \~1 month until the beginning of V\[1.00\].**

**Oh.. so there is time, my friend. **

**Relax.**

** **

**Good morning, my friend.**

**A cold, foggy morning.**

**But very beautiful.**

**Some dhamma work on Re-Connect Tasks.**

**Some dhamma work on Yardi.**

**\"I\'ve hurt you, now let me heal You.\"**

**Im sorry my sweet love.**

**Working on the Dojo.**

**- 2 July 2024 -**

**Doing some work on Yardi. **

**The EU Compliance Developer.**

**Then play VR - such an amazing experience - playing saber light
tonight.**

**Finish up all sweaty and alive.**

**The camera lighting was not so beautiful tho.**

**And so, the eating begins. I am pretty calm tho.**

**Plan to eat leftover chips and 2 ice creams.**

**End up eating chips, then milk + chocolate in tortilla - followed up
by 1-2 ice creams.**

**Very much dukkha. And excess. Timing -1, Logistics -1.**

**Struggle to stay awake but soon sleep takes over.**

**Of course, a very affected sleep followed.**

**First wake-up around 3 am, from a dream about forcing Ammy to do what
i want and her leaving.**

**The KS2 is the orchestra\'s Conductor.**

**As she guides, so the system sleeps, dreams, rests.**

**It\'s been a long time since i\'ve waken up in the night, so long that
the feeling feels so distant.**

**I would wake up to begin and day and enjoy - but late smoking it\'s
making me no crave this early smoking.**

**Water.. still KS2 allows some shorter rounds of sleep.**

**Sleep again.. this time reflecting on what the Mind has learnt in CS50
Internet Lesson 8.**

**It remembers, undertsand everything about the internet.**

**But the KS2 sickness keeps pulling the mind bad into this world.**

**\"I\'m sick, you cannot leave.\" - she says, as in all nights like
this.**

**Takeaway: Mind the Prepared food.**

**The early-day Healer & Cooker must have prepared food for his brother
for when true hunger arises.**

**8pm.**

**I hope the one who \"bought\" the ring was a little guy like me,
dreaming.**

**Thank you sweet ring for the journey and the lessons you\'ve
teached.**

**Go in Peace, my friend.**

**A tear\... and a smile - Ammy called to Bangkok embassy.**

**A gentle rain continues.**

**Smoke, wash teeth after and experience some VR. Take out the ring
feelings on the battlefield.**

**Working on the Dojo.**

**Washing hair.. a new way to dry.**

**Testing out Holyland mic for Zoom.**

**Everything is set for tomorrow.**

**12pm.**

**A calm rain comes down, washing away the sins of the modern man.**

**Get out on balcony with Spinu.**

**Digestive system calms down again.. let\'s caress it today.**

**Also, so eager to experience VR again.**

**Feeling a bit overwhelmed with Re-Connect tasks & The Hero\'s
Journey - in the light that there is still much work to do/film.**

**Slowly, my friend.**

**One by one. Click by click.**

**Beautiful.**

**Chi goes down.. M\*\*, eat potato soup and little ice cream. Then full
stop.**

**Ride 2-3 hours later for pistachio roll.**

**Come home, ponder eating or smoking - smell Spinu - the choice it\'s
clear.**

**Let\'s eat and relax.**

**Chi slowly restores\....**

**End the food with checking CQ and realizing i\'ve sold ring for 1b -
lost 3.5 billion.**

**Oh my god the air is so bad, so much polluted.**

**The workers begin their day and the wind carries their dukkha around
Floresti.**

**The Modern Man. Man completely over Nature for his \"benefits\".**

**But it does not realize it\'s actually sickening him.**

**Body Alchemy completely changes to more exposure time.**

**Mind ignores the air for a little while, as sexual energy overcomes
the natural truth and pursueing some girl.**

**Reached top hill near forest - clear dukkha. Many things coming into
play - from logistics, safety pass, etc.**

**But found the hidden floresti Gem, the 2 buildings in the heart of
nature. Beautiful. Good for little walk & talk on phone.**

**As the stomach calms down and the body&mind are doing their work,
preparing for a new day,**

**Even in the Face of a crowded morning with many things to do,**

**The Feeling Arises,**

**There is time, my friend.**

**There is Time for everything.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**As One opens up the laptop, Greatness awaits.**

**The EU Compliance Developer.**

**Ah.. fuck, what a harad Recovery after last night meal.**

**Buddha bowl (some dukkha in mango and wata\' melon) - greatly greatly
greatly activated by the 3x ice creams.**

**A lot of diary, sugar, pasteurized stuff - enter the mix. **

**Timing -1, Logistics -1, 12am.**

**No firewalls up.**

**Omens there, of course in TV series, a lot of death.**

**A fly wakes me up around 6am, becoming concious of KS2 dukkha
fermenting.**

**\"Why would i ever eat like this again?\" - granny\'s voice echos.**

**Body is still tired, but i rise. **

**Of course, how could i ever be angry with a fly for this?**

**When i clearly remember so vividly the lifetime in which \"I\" longed
for this?**

**I love you little flies.**

**Big stinky poo poo with beautiful form after some hours.**

**Slowly recovering\...**

**\~Recovery time 3-4 hours\~**

**- 1 July 2024 -**

**\-\--The 11am ride for batteries\-\--**

**Sex. Food - and Entertainment of the mind - the 3 purposes.**

**Man the VR experience felt like a battlefield.**

**Just a few monsters and whole body activated, pumping energy, fear,
survival.**

**After fighing i\'m left breathing heavily, exorted. **

**Man what an experience.**

**Probably a baaaaad choice at 11am.**

**Lao Water. (Raul - Varsatorul)**

**The Alchemist. The Shepher\'s journey. (Baciu)**

**Isn\'t it beautiful?**

**Reading just one phrase from The Alchemist tonight.**

**Let\'s play some VR. In the Dojo.**

**But before.. doing some honest work.**

**NL Rent Roll - Final testing & wraping up.**

**What a complex project.**

**The Art to Work.**

**Slow down. Deeply study the issues and the report.**

**Deeply clarify each ramification.**

**Full light.**

**Then adapt.**

**And all this.. while working on the Laptop.**

**A True Art.**

**Turning Metal (dukkha filled work) to Gold (blessing).**

**Every click feels like a gift. Doing One\'s purpose on Earth.**

**Man what thoroughly testing of the Report. **

**I\'ve never seen nothing like it. Extraordinary testing. All kinds of
filters & checks. Greatness.**

**So Greatness shall meet it.**

**EU Compliance\'s Developer. Job feels extraordinarily safe.**

**What beautiful work man.**

**Complete Sietzfleich.**

**Complete light.**

**\-\--Play:Lacrimi de Miliardar\-\--**

**Slowly, Webinar is approaching.**

**I\'m eagerly waiting it.**

**To whatever it is Written.**

**Ready to Adapt.**

**What a beautiful evening.**

**Little ride in Floresti with scooter.**

**Sex, Food and Entertainment - this is what gets One out of the house
with the highest generated Chi.**

**Weigh them carefully.**

**Did not get the chance yet to Play VR, in the face of One\'s dhamma
work.**

**Big afternoon meal. **

**Avocado quesadilas. Instant followed by pistachio roll + milk and 2-3
little icecream.**

**Then Rest. Some work.**

**Managing work improved. **

**No postponing income messages & alerts. But meet them.**

**Sleep followed soon.**

**What a job, man. To be able to do this. Go around, sleep, work on
Re-Connect, managing them all.**

**Fueling all others. Almost everything One to wish for to experience &
use latest technology towards his purpose.**

**Beautiful mail from Pelicanu.**

**He\'s doing good work.**

**Must draw the selling/knowledge line. **

**After all, this was the basis.**

**Working on The Hero\'s Journey - Re-Connect tasks.**

**The whole city is so filled with pollution, construction.**

**The Art of Breathing. Continous adaptation to surroundings.**

**Mind is perfectly piti and analyzing the present =.**

**Still, let CO be CO. Not CO + stress.**

**Vivo is the most dhamma place for now - Community, walking, shadows
from the Sun.**

**But in order for it to be nice, One must meet it relaxed (no
carry-ons) and prepared - dressed for any opportunity.**

**Luck is when Preparation mees Opportunity - Women Game.**

**Games to Play Today:**

**Centre visa walk & people**

**Yardi - NL RR**

**VR - \<3 What a gateway.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Very tired and hungry last night and some bad luck from bad
wata\'melon.**

**Eate coconut almond rice - then 4 little ice cream grenades.**

**Of course KS2 awakened heavy in the morning.**

**I\'m sorry, my love. It\'s been a long journey.**

**Need to throw out the chocolate ice creams.**

**Contemplating coffee or not, better to have it while the Sun allows.**

**Then not go sleepy, but Meet the day.**

**Wash up. Dress up.**

**A new month is here.**

**Sweet, magical, mystical July.**

**If you talk with people who do not understand Re-Connect, the belief
get\'s somewhat shaken.**

**But then all One needs to do is taste the air. Feel the Sun. Empty the
stomach.**

**Also, the dhamma home reflections bring some dukkha.**

**For resting & home, this Dojo has absolutely extraordinary
positioning.**

**The Sun. Surrounded by greens. The air. My sweet granny.**

**\~Entering the Flow.\~**

**Relationship with the Horse deepens. **

**Just as in Game, working, writing, etc - as the \"I\" births in dhamma
environment (free of dukkha by the Mind), the connection deepens.**

**I feel the engine, the breaking, tires pressures as the horse is
breaking or accelerating.**

**Beautiful.**

** \~Recovery Time 2-3 Hours\~**

**- 30 June 2024 -**

**Home \<3.**

**What a journey.. 2 days which felt like 2 weeks.**

**How much i\'ve learned about the dhamma home.**

**40.000 steps of pure life.**

**And my pure, beautiful Ludus.. what have they done to you?**

**Out on the balcony, i really don\'t want to get back to Spinu\'s
cousin. It\'s sickening the system. Clearly. KS.**

**I bow down to N for hosting. Go in Peace in your way, my friend.**

**I bow down to the night unfolding.**

**To God.**

**Take the lessons.. and continue your Journey.**

**\~Riding in the Golden Hour\~**

**Absolutely perfect time.**

**Vortex is taken care of.**

**As high socks take care of wind.**

**Everything is covered.**

**The system is singing.**

**Tiring, but beautiful Ride.**

**Waiting for the sun to set more.. **

**Vacaru handling of his girlfriend call.**

**So fucking unapologetic. Amazing character.**

**Patience from Zhou.**

**It was clear more waiting is the right decision.**

**The only question is can One find something free of dukkha to do while
the Sun naturally sets?**

**Find your dhamma way.**

**Vacaru talk. Ice cream. Move to Park.**

**Watching the scooter and people.. **

**Final walk in park before Go. **

**The park.. this is also a huge dhamma to consider. **

**If Ludus Home (N crib) was in Dacia, it would not have completed the
circle. **

**\-\--Inside the Mind of a Gambler\-\--**

**So similar to this Mind when eating.**

**A dukkha smell persists in the air.. Clothes finishing up, Spinu
finishing up,**

**Dhamma work tomorrow.. time to go Home. **

**The evening ride.**

**Sun is slowly setting.**

**\-\--Exactly same input-output in dhamma envinronment\-\--**

**Food excess instantly followed by walk around the city. **

**Big Meal followed by Big Walk. Breath. Community.**

**How can i Find this somewhere else?**

**Air, my friend. Then Logistics. Then Community.**

**You Eate big - now Walk big. **

**Full strides. Breath. Ankles. **

**Of course, only if the environment allows.**

**The VR experience.**

**It has, finally became playable after a decade.**

**Smooth enough to imitate reality.**

**Stomach dizziness and brain reacting.**

**Then adapting.**

**Oh but the flow. The angles are perfect.**

**But still, Air greatly prevails. As N smokes and room becomes smoky &
bad, pleasure of game is lost.**

**What if i rent it 1 week from him?**

**Working on Re-Connect & Cleaning Around & Preparing cook.**

**Integrating Task & Journey of the Pilgrim.**

**Set the blueprints for One\'s personal legend.**

**Everything changes as sexual chakra/purpose gets again activated, just
being in the proximity - in the possibility of the approached woman,**

**As she follows me back on tiktok.**

**What a Master man. Speaking his truth. A true shame not **

**to experience it more.**

**The womens in Ren are such beautiful creatures.**

**The Mind of a Woman.**

**Even if nothing happens, just the play of it its ecstatic.**

**\-\-\--1 Mai Sunday Church\-\-\--**

**"Ruga mea-i tacerea. "**

**People singing beautifully.**

**Still, in the new Age Ludus, more and more being apprehended by the
touch of modern man industrialization, there is still pureness.**

**The Sun is completely \"Unforgiving\", with a clear blue sky.**

**Contemplating leaving, but have some patience.**

**Find purpose - and you will find Meaning. No matter how small or
big.**

**Just as in Bangkok empty night.**

**Maybe Flo. Mihaela. Nasu house.**

**Rid around, walk around.**

**Respect nature.**

**Seeking the shadows.**

**Sexual energy over-coming everything, as the hot tattoo\'ed girl gets
in front of prioritization.**

**Hesitated. Then came back. Just walk into the store.**

**\~Nicoleta. She is completely engaged. Huge 38 years assumption spike
:)).**

**She is so similar to Anna fit mom, to Ammy - such familiar patterns.
Crazy.**

**Life is here.**

**And it is just a heartbeat.. away.**

**Women.. is no easy thing. Allow natural unfolding.**

**Bought some egg cheese tortillas. Let\'s see. In just 30 seconds i
learn how to do it.**

**For now.. Sun is too powerful for anything else.**

**Eat. Watch TV Series.**

**- 29 June 2024 -**

**\-\-\--New Evening Data\-\-\--**

**Night dukkha-heavybeans. So much bad. **

**Felt from first smell, but blindly persisted. **

**Delusional.**

**Soon i was eating milk, chips and desserts only to cover the**

** sickening touch of X beans. **

**Wayy past HHB. Clearly not eating for hunger anymore.**

**But only if to quinch the dukkha & stress & dark imaginings about
sleep.**

**Still, in this alchemy something new arises Effortlessly.**

**The night walk before sleep. **

**No matter how full the body is; its absolutely amazing to walk around
here. **

**But what is "Here"? **

**A combination of Good air, dhamma possibilities with women &
people. **

**Night time aliveness. **

**Community, Air again to be clear how much it impacts, entertainment of
the Mind, new&piti inducing possibilities with Women, local little city
energy.**

**In this dhamma envinronment, night time eating it is no longer an
issue. **

**For if the Mind&Body absolutely love the outside, there is nothing to
Fear. **

**The system will effortlessly go out for eveninig Walk & Reflections,
no matter how full it is.**

**Then meet back home Water & Wash teeth. **

**Relaxing into anything from Youtube, Netflix, chicken farm, chess,
etc - it will go naturally - then sleep follows.**

**Back home. Water. Wash teeth. Sleep.**

**Surprisingly, even with such bad beans, crosisant, milk, bread, full
chocolate, milk again - a pretty good sleep followed.**

**Slept until 7am with a journey from moderate flavors of **

**dukkha-dhamma path.**

**\~But how could i ever find an environment like this at Home?**

**First thing- Air - is already stained in Cluj. Nothing else can
follow.**

**This is a lifetime search, just as written before.**

**Ahh.. the Walking..**

**Once the air and environment allows, the walking is magical.**

**Better than gym.**

**I've missed this.**

**Such clean air.**

**People walking around without smoking. **

**Free the ankles. A long forgotten feeling.**

**It needs dhamma environment. **

**Staredown with waitress. **

**The Art of Packing & Preparing.**

**In calmness.**

**Leave order & love behind.**

**Waiting for the Sun to give me the pass.**

**Packing bag.**

**Prepared Monday papers in case father needs sending.**

**The Sun gives me a brief moment on the balcony.**

**\"Never stop Travelling.\" - a feeling perists in the heart.**

**Ludus Awaits.**

**Complete trust in the System\'s Ability to Adapt.**

**Go in Peace, my Friend.**

**Late coffee at 11am with Spinu.**

**Indoor positions adaptation deepends.**

**Now the body has found a comfortable squat & writing.**

**Wow. Elbow support on knees. Relax..**

**The body smiles. **

**Mirabela Dauer sings.**

**Maybe postpone Ludus to Monday/Tuesday?**

**If i leave now, i have be back on Monday. **

**For work and documents. Unless i can ask fata\' **

**for sending the documents.**

**Also, need to continue filiming Re-Connect course & overview.**

**Idea to film in Ludus\' morning\'s air.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Seeing mother this morning.**

**She is so whole.. together with our relationship.**

**The way she painted this body as half from her, half father.**

**The lower lip and upper lip.**

**The eyes.**

**I\'m so glad i didn\'t leave to Ludus yet.**

**She really loved the Dojo.**

**- 28 June 2024 -**

**Eate big buddha bowl with watermelon.**

**The cold wata\'melon feels like milk at night.**

**Of course, it\'s still wayyy past HHB and negative logistics and
timing.**

**But stil food prevails.**

**Dhamma sleep until 8:30 with water wake-up.**

**Wake up with a heavy-ish KS2, but in a different flavor.**

**So much different than the dukkha eating of excess milk, chocolate,
pastries at night.**

**For Dhamma sleep, we have 3 options **

**(depending on lived day KS2 KB).**

**Dont\' eat anything - but this must be done purely in \"Nobody Shall
die tonight\" spell.**

**Eat tiny, little shots of food strictly for fuel (2-3 bites)**

**Easy medium meal (1-2x Riso, buddha bowl) \~1-2 hours before sleep.**

**The are many, many others unfoldings, depending on the Karmic Balance
One meets the end of the day in - ranging from great dukkha to great
dhamma effect.**

**The Art of Food is the continuous Adaptation.**

**For Monday Yardi/Play:**

**NL Rent Roll - Adjust, re-check issues slowly.**

**Admin - Log time.**

**eDocs - Change Requests - just create eDocs tokens and test - maybe
ask Ioana (also explain how date_to_dutch works)**

**Send Documents to Ammy - prepare & leave home if you want to stay
longer in Ludus - and ask dad/granny**

**Tomorrow morning maybe Ludus.**

**Sun rises at 6:20 am.**

**This means that at 6am i should be on the road already.**

**What are you looking for, my friend?**

**Bubu has teached you long ago the Road to Ludus.**

**5 am wake-up. 5:20 Leave home. Coffee in Ludus.**

**Whatever it may be,**

**Wherever you may go,**

**Go in Peace, My friend.**

**What would Some Dhamma Over-all meal days look like?**

**Reflect on this.**

**Then cultivate them, like different flowers in a Garden.**

**One flower at a time. Until the flowers outnumber the weeds.**

**Dhamma vs Dukkha.**

**Only the smell of flowers can give birth to the Falling In and Out.**

**Day A. Fast until 1-3.**

**Eat medium/big dhamma meal.**

**Digest in many hours. Water. Walk. Move. Reflect. Sleep.**

**\~ A feeling rises. Inexplicable. The more i tap into it, **

**the less i want to eat.**

**The more i want to just rest, reflect.**

**\~The Mind Searching for the Dhamma Activity with food disregarded.**

**Can it Find something?**

**\-\--The Reflections on Women\-\--**

**With Visa postponing together with no real future solution - **

**fully dependent on Israel.**

**How can i forfeit the mother of my childs to a fucking Israel man?**

**Its so beautiful to experience women.. the falling in love.**

**Of course, no easy thing to find.**

**But One must keep trying. Walk the Garden. \"Everyday.\".**

**Let Ammy\'s relationship be purely in the present -**

** at least until she\'s free from Israel.**

**Some doubt building up in light of she being so stupid, past year\'s
pattern analysis and thoughts of family, marry, granny.**

**If she was Free, would i mom her? **

**Who is \"I\", my friend? My electrical friend. **

**Maktub. \"You\" just sit back and enjoy.**

**You do not choose granny\'s purpose here on earth. Or yours. Or
hers.**

**It writes itself.**

**3pm. End of Fast.**

**Some really good work today.**

**Let\'s play K\*\*\*.**

**It is a true treasure.. the calm KS2.**

**Take care of it.**

**LE:  Relaxing M\* and food came. Pizza so much cheese. Eat half while
cleaning of cheese. Never again.**

**Conditioned by ice cream and later chips with coconut yoghurt (never
again coconut yoghurt.).**

**Clear no chance to server high KS2 KB meal with pizza.**

**Could we turn at least one meal in HHB?**

**Do some yardi dhamma work, Ride around floresti, do some work, walk
monastery (again the women had eluded me haha).**

**The Mind is piti, content is has acomplished some things
succesfully.**

**Oredered Napoli Centrale Pizza.**

**For later i have prepared Buddha Bowl.**

**Let\'s see. Let\'s meet the food accordingly.**

**Watching \"The Hitman\" - such a wise guy, a very similar view on life
as Lao.**

**Techno-Redactation of diary can be turned from a hastened act to **

**The Second Learning - re-reading, re-living the Dojo\'s Lessons as One
touches them a second time.**

**Complete change in experience.**

**Commercial 109 sign ups and cost at 3.33 per lead.**

**High-performing campaign - facebook says.**

**Talking with Morpheus greatly brings light to the unknown.
Understanding process. **

**Estimating chances. 30-40% chance for documents to reach.**

**Then it becomes clear i must send it **

**(but no hurry, can be after 1-2 days post making.)**

**3 hours later since the heavy KS2 wake-up, **

**I\'ve worked, cleaned, written.**

**Slowly recovering.**

**A quiet, rainy, beautiful morning.**

**There is so much light upon everything - every thought and feeling.**

**Now comes the Master Work.**

**Know deeply how everything is connected - how every thought conditions
feelings and every feelings conditions thought.**

**The Body simply reacts.**

**Update the clear difference between hunger and lust for pleasure.**

**It is no easy thing.**

**The Food, Air, Movement - they lay the basis of One\'s Dhamma.**

**Respect this and life will follow.**

**- 27 June 2024 -**

**Ate a corn then riso & chips.**

**Then 2 ice creams bars, **

**Followed by some sleep-eating of lidda' croissant & half riso.**

**Sleep good until 5:20 am - hard waking as body was craving for more
sleep.**

**So i lay down again some some.. just as previously clearly mapped -
very bad decision.**

**Rise.. begin the day. Do your work here on Earth.**

**Takeaway: So much dukkha rising with visa. Fuck money. Women dukkha
(missed approach). Work. Everything.**

**Slow down. Take one step at a time.**

**Play the game of people. Of life. The beautiful circus of society.**

**Play the game of work. Strive for greatness.**

**Play the game of money.**

**GO forward.**

**Tomorrow really need to play some Yardi more.**

**All in all, good day today - greatly spinning the wheels of Fortune.**

**Let\'s end the week with:**

**Terry case add \"mr/ms\" dutch**

**Ioana: open change request **

**NL RR - adapt**

**Log some time (also prep time on excels - its good advice from Tavu)**

**Before going into any cluster, prepare the envinronment.**

**Then One - By One.**

**The night unfolds as i\'m reading the Alchemist and his road across
the sands of time.**

**Post Builder shelf video.**

**Don\'t even have to look/read. **

**I completely trust my brother.**

**In all his journey.**

**21 June 2021: **

**\"Integrity.**

** A while ago i posted this video and removed it because some people
thought its not funny or inappropriate. People whose life
filters&principles mean nothing to me. **

** This is a reminder that I will never do that again. Never be a
"people pleaser" again.\" - while walkin in ludus near 1 Mai.**

**And so you did, my friend. a Master Work.**

**In everything.**

**Maktub.**

**Second KS2 Graph - continuing after HHB with 2-3 little ice creams.**

**Body heavens. Illusion of food. **

**Some work stress but nothing firing.**

**Ammy visa dukkha continues.**

**What to do what do to\...**

**I believe make the paper and wait for visa confirmation then send
paper?**

**Seeing the extremely hot gypsy angel and hesitating.. well the chance
was veeeery low in that =, stinky, dirty, broken shoes.**

**I do not have my \"hunting\" gear.**

**Next time, you gypsy angel. I will hunt you again. Prepared.**

**\~The Hunt\~**

**Don\'t forget what a fun game it can be - you can be ANYONE. Anyone.**

**Facing the trade-off of eating or smoking.. or both?**

**Well 3 spinu\'s is not that much, KS has been feeling good-ish
lately.**

**A quiet night unfolds.**

**Granny wished for some rain for our zuchinnis and cucumbers.. **

**and rain came.**

**Body calms down.. shower.. some movement.. recovers. **

**Crave for Spinu rises.**

**Break words with Nialau and come out on the balcony with The
Alchemist.**

**\-\--My Buddha bowl\-\-- **

**Rice topped with with little almond milk, big variety of season
fruits.**

**Coconut on top, very little nuts and dried fruits.**

**Beautiful.**

**Best thing i have ever eaten.**

**The Wata\'Melon is amazing today.**

**A new way of experiencing the Monastery.**

**Open your eyes. See beyond the figure - See the background.**

**Lao. True Meditation. Bowing Down. Breathing.**

**Seeing People in their most humble, suffering state.**

**The Online Coaching hastened girl**

**Call and pre-presentation.**

**Funny how some slides/text appear as a surprise to Canu.**

**Speak your message, my friend.**

**Still, a lot of energy drained. But remembered to Relax.**

**The Law Of Mutual Arising.**

**Good and Bad. **

**To be or Not to Be.**

**The Shape and Color.**

**Alan Watts talking about the Mind & Consciousness, it feels just as
David J. Malan was talking about the Internet.**

**Networks of Networks of Networks deeply inter-connected.**

**The interdependence of the Figure and the BackGround.**

**How you can switch from paying attention from one to another - and in
each case is significant.**

**An Art that we have Lost in our perception of life - and it leads to
the serious problem of Ignorance - the greatest western man suffering.**

**Upsetting the Balance.**

**\~Finding one\'s individuality and uniqueness through being related -
completely inter-dependent and connected with everything and everyone.**

**Let\'s do some Yard work today.**

**Work is clearly casting some form of holdback on the Freedom to do
whatever - opposed to complete holiday.**

**But it is a beautiful trade-off - and it is completely worth it.**

**Slowly, my friend.**

**Let the birth take it\'s time.**

**Initiate Yardi Cluster.**

**Spend some time here. Some clicks. **

**Clean. Close unecessary apps, etc. In dirty waters, nothing can be
seen.**

**Analyze, Prioritize, breakdown on smaller clusters (projects).**

**Then, Initiate Project Cluster.**

**Again, spend some time. Some clicks. Look around. Breath.**

**Analyze, prioritze, breakdown on smaller cluster (tasks).**

**Issues, Request, workflow - they first need to be deeply understood.**

**Only then we can adjust.**

**Pick one and allow the mind to completely focus on Project Cluster -
here, once deeply understood, it can begin running some parallel
processes if the CPU requirement of current task-flow allows.**

**Move around Project clusters as the envinronment forces a bottleneck
(other people response, stellar&others being down).**

**From Ioana eDocs to NL Rent Roll.**

**Truly amazing how the Sun guides the requirement focus of the Eyes.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**A clouded morning, high humidity - but as midday unfolds, **

**sun comes out and air dries.**

**Body is somewhat affected by the mom apple cake.**

**A very beautiful, deep experience.**

**How The body over-eate at night, reaching a 1.40 HHB **

**on KS2 Second graph - **

**This cultivated dukkha and together with falling asleep on the chair -
waking up to some numbness - it instantly conditioned more eating.**

**Almost in complete unconciousness. **

**The body&mind just running. Meditative.**

**2 other paths could have unfolded: the not eating (requires deep
faith) and eating little bit strictly for hunger.**

**But it\'s good we experienced a completely new pattern & insights.**

**The Night CQ Hunting to sleep is a beautiful experience - and a KS2
mirror - only when KS2 meets the evening in peace and emptyness can
NIght CQ Hunting unfold.**

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours\~**

**- 26 June 2024 -**

**Eate cream soup with little rice and chips. It\'s really good.**

**But the hunger & chips opened the gateway to more eating.**

**Followed by 2 mini ice creams. **

**Fall to sleep soon.. with a full stomach on the chair.**

**Wake-up at 12 and suflee\` mom\'s apple cake.**

**Its almost like a meditative state - with eyes closed. **

**Of course, a lot of dukkha cultivates - as the stomach now becomes
extremely full as i fall back to sleep.**

**Wake up 6am with very heavy ks2, yet not so much acidic as other
nights filled with chocolate & others.**

**The spark was the ice cream.**

**The Funny feeling with Commercials.. just as with SDB drops.**

**That the more One is doing his path.. walking his Personal Legend, the
whole universe works in it\'s favor.**

**Whatever that may be.**

**G. Lucas editing first wooden shelf video.**

**What a journey.**

**What a learning experience with Oszkar and moments with Granny. She is
so wise, yet not easy to work with when stressed (uncomfortable body &
shelf position haha)**

**Writing Story for it. It\'s prepared to fire.**

**Just as the other ones.**

**It seems the instant gratification skill has greatly diminished.**

**Create Art.. then Patience from Zhou.**

**All in all, a beautiful feeling persists - **

**Of the video filming itself - editing itself - and lastly - writing
itself.**

**Tomorrow back to Yardi, let\'s play our part there for a while.**

**How beautiful it fuels everything.**

**Huge meal and new patterns at noon.**

**Eat big beautiful bowl of rice, fruits, little nuts and coconut.**

**Instant followed by 2 ice creams - body is still hungry but it begins
to greatly pass HHB. Still, dhamma foundation.**

**Followed by chips, then finished by some shots of milk with choco.**

**Move around little bit then sleep follows.**

**Incredible urge to eat upon wake up. Incredible.**

**But i hold. Water. Walk. Forge purpose of smoothie and little
vegetables just for the sake of riding & walking.**

**Calm down.. 6-7 hours later, the digestive system calms down.**

**What a meal.**

**Temu big pack arrived. Beautiful.**

**Riding becomes effortless almost, amazing G-Force adaptation.**

**Mom messages me just when i was about to m\*\*\*.**

**Fall out of love effortlessly and see her.**

**My little ammy such a hard life now, treated like dog by sister
family, visa issues.**

**An energy keeping me from m\*\*\*, as a sacrifice..**

** a tribute to her current state.**

**I don\'t want to summon Kali.**

**Watching my brother\'s videos from the last +1 year/s**

**truly fills me with dhamma.**

**I love this guy and his message.**

**Speaking with Truth-Discerning awareness.**

**Great job, my friend.**

**Visa issues deepen, it seems application denied for too date too
soon.**

**Also, learned that she can upload files and wait for **

**acceptance before sending out. **

**(as originals are brought in later).**

**Is the timeframe enough to wait confirmation and only then send?**

**Pondering giving up in that stir of emotions, **

**visa lady make so fuckin bad.**

**Spilled milk, issues on issues on money, on honey on bunny.**

**But the heart is at peace.**

**But navigating it all.**

**Regarding visa, sleep one night on night.**

**Then you will know.**

**The Clear Mind in Action.**

**But also clearly, clearly conditioned by the Clear Stomach.**

** A high KS2 balance.**

**Aoleuu.. the commercials big hit this morning. **

**Almost to fucking 3 ron/lead. That\'s huge.**

**Go in Peace, my friend.**

**People sharing posts, liking old videos, liking page. Re-Connect
Heartbeat.**

**The message is getting out in the World.**

**What a feeling.**

**Commercials reveal great level up in understanding of video editing -
the light music, scenery, tonality.**

**Chilling & enojoying putting together a little video from Yesterday\'s
beautiful picture in Motion.**

**Some little text.**

**Ended up editing beautiful video about The Art To Move. Also edited
landscape format (to be used in course).**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Oh my god, commercial going good. **

**Thank you God. Reached under 4 RON threshold.**

**What a great thing we are doing.**

**Let it rise. Like a dough. **

**Tend your work.**

**25 June - **

**\-\--The evening choice: See Spinu & spend time on the balcony or
eat.\-\--**

**But not really craving the smoking itself anymore.**

**Eat one cheesburger MCdonalds - been long time curious about how it
feels.**

**So much dukkha. And didn\'t even finish it. **

**So much dukkha in this food.**

**Instantly the pleasure of a possible Spinu late night **

**talk is completely gone.**

**Only food remains.**

**Dhamma test 1 yoghurt - but feels so bad - so lactic. **

**Dhamma test the protein pudding - this doesn\'t feel so bad  but also
it\'s much more full of additives, which can numb out the body\'s
readings.**

**Begin eat chips & pudding.**

**Then one Ice cream. **

**Finishing with more than half MrBeast chocolate + milk.**

**Of course my dear friend, very hard meal. KS2 is upset. **

**We fall asleep soon.**

**Pretty good sleep - awakening at 3:33 from a dream with my son where
he is ready to go into the world.**

**RIse, my son.**

**Takeaway: Food preparation, my friend. **

**Give the evening son choices, even if food is not consumed. But give
him choices. Like you\'d give a little animal.**

**If there are no choices, for sure he will eat anything to survive.**

**Need to expand Dhamma Food list.**

**A lot of women become ecstatic in One\'s presence today.**

**Very powerful energy.**

**The strangers passing by, Raluca \"i don\'t know, it just makes me
happy to look at you.\"**

**Dukkha with Ammy also builds up hard.**

**It\'s an inevitable choice, choosing between fueling my path or her
kid\'s - and of course it comes together with the great dogma of her not
knowing anything and entrusting their lives fully to the doctors.**

**I have made the M\*\*\* sacrifice but perhaps in vain, in front **

**of dukkkha food over-coming.**

**Ride to mister than cosu.**

**Cosu veeeery much dukkha & busy, but soon he snaps out **

**of it for mere moments.**

**Raluca very happy today, how much happiness changes a **

**woman's attractiveness. **

**Read him better next time.**

**\-\--Knowledge of brothers\-\--**

**Because i did not fear it anymore - the unknown regarding words &
lines spacing complicated dhamma - while working on ReConnect - **

**But i took the fails with sincere dedication and curiosity towards
learning.**

**I now solve a Yardi docx issue which would have taken me so much more
in before\'s darkness.**

**This is why greatness echoes in everything one does.**

**Because everything is connected.**

**The beautiful picture soon to be post - **

**Is One Dancing, Punching, Running, Flexing or Stretching? **

**It is all the same.**

**Truly discover movement and you will know them all.**

**Study just one and you may become blinded.**

**Optimized G-Force movement deals in 90 degrees angles and
inter-connectivity - flowing as water - in spirals.**

**There is no separation.**

**Learn this and you will become Free.**

**Road around floresti, pick up shelf- after 12-13 hours of no eating
(after overcoming the urge to eat in morning dukkha) - body enters
recovery.**

**It\'s beautiful. **

**Breathing whole, body light. Recovering..**

**Respecting Nature, staying inside when sun is too powerful and coming
out when it hides beyond a gentle cloud.**

**A huge cloud covers the sun and allows dhamma outside laptop time. **

**The eyes relax.**

**Could M\*.. but i\'d rather tribute to Ammy\'s  problems. I don\'t
want to bring anymore negative energy by summoning Kali.**

**Let\'s wait some more.**

**Now Ameee deep trouble with tomtom needing \$. But no feelings stir
up.**

**If i do end up sending little something, might as well turn this
cheese into t a cheesecake (M\*\*\*) :)).**

**Little later - Ammy\'s dukkha together with = and envinronment - has
built up in eating of croissant + protein bar.**

**Clear dukkha.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**NL rent roll quick way out? about unit status.**

**The issue deeply, deeply simplifies with this approach. Let\'s see.**

**Wow, over-night Lao\'s commercial almost doubled.**

**Hating continues regarding age & Experience.**

**Getting under the magical threshold of 5 RON/lead.**

**Maybe re-mind canu of Lao bringing the knowledge.**

**-24 June 2024-**

**Not much preparation for evening food.**

**Eat riso.. but i feel it being too sweet from first **

**bite to satiate my hunger.**

**Then pistachio eclair with milk.. i can\'t really say i crave it, **

**but i am hungry.**

**Little waffle. Then fall asleep on chair.**

**Wake up 2 hours later, with KS2 upsetting..**

** eate milk with Oszkar pastry.**

**Also, the body is very hungry - it needs energy.**

**There is a little fight/ponder of eating or water. But the previous
dukkha food has set ground for the new eating.**

**Eat and fall back to sleep instantly.**

**Wake up 4:30 - with a very inflamed KS2.**

**I\'m sorry, my love. I was not prepared to meet evening food in terms
of food preparation and options.**

**So heavy all around the digestive tract. Heavy. Acidic.**

**Honest and pure granny\'s words \"Why would you eat anything which
makes you feel like this?\" echo.**

**Ordered Logitech Camera.**

**Let money flow.**

**Just as Ozy-Wan-Kenobi said, what a beautiful feeling to invest in
dhamma tools.**

**Same as the microphone.**

**The sound gently caresses the ears.**

**So will a quality camera caress the eyes.**

**Makes One reflect on Webinar home PC logistics. **

**Maybe Will set in up in the Dojo\'s living room. Move PC - create
dhamma sitting options - bring keyboard?**

**Or first check out lighting in Dojo. (although not so beautiful
background).**

**There is no more unknown in the icloud issue.**

**Overflooding of one sheet - when touched - it overloads the whole
application.**

**As night comes, so many dhamma activities in Dhamma Activity Pool
(evening).**

**From studying Neo, reading, playing CQ, studying Chinese, writing
something.. anything.. reflecting, playing on phone,**

**Playing AC, DotA, community, evening little walk and see granny, eat
something good, reading on balcony & noting, techno-redacting diary
entries for print.**

**Switching between chinese and english is effortless (alt+shift).**

**Begin to understand slowly signs & Pinyins writing (on
pronunciation).**

**Tomorrow big work project comes back online.**

**NL Rent Roll.**

**Slowly Give it the Mind\'s full concentration.**

**There is nothing else to do now.**

**Re-Connect can rest&grow.**

**For now the commercials have equalized.**

**Reflecting on what to read - Bhikku or Alchemist.**

**Pick up the Alchemist.**

**My friend is heading towards the desert.**

**  **

**\-\--Sadghuru approach on food\-\--**

**Break out from habits - the human experience **

**is about being fully conscious.**

**Be mindful of the position you eat in**

**1-2 meals a day - \"fasting\"**

**Eat only 24 morsels of food ( a nimisha ) - yet take the same time as
someone who eats maximum in the ashra**

**Chew each morsel 24 times. Pre-digest the food in the mouth in
preparation for the stomach**

**Experience Empty stomach - is very different than hunger - Any
purification that needs to happen in your body -**

** the stomach must be empty.**

**Else, things pile up.**

**I am ready to meet whatever feedback may be.**

**Alexandra from highschool hating on over a decade studies.**

**Well, it\'s not a decade.**

**Its 3.**

**For i was fascinanted by the Secrets of This Life **

**for as long as i can remember..**

**What can anybody tell me about my journey, my message, my truth - that
i not already pondered?**

**It is not them which have been with my in my darkest hours.**

**But my brothers.**

**GIving way to any of their critique is giving way to **

**the struggle and doing of my brothers.**

**The Warrior. Lao. Lucas. Jiaoe. Everyone.**

**And that, i would never too.**

**It can be tho, a fun way to interact with em haters. Or delete. Or
block. Whatever you enjoy.**

**Once the Unshaken base is set, only play remains.**

**The Quality of the video & sound is amazing.**

**A gentle loving touch for the ears.**

**Tonality is grounded and from the heart. Speaking One\'s truth.**

**Finished The Healer\'s shelf - what a beautiful project.**

**So lucky with Oszkar and learned so much - and how can i believe that
these hands had made that beautiful, beautiful thing.**

**Omen.**

**Building the Dojo - The House Second Rebirh.**

**Lost this morning\'s writings cause of icloud over-flood.**

**Should have not hit \"Reload\" when error came up.**

**No feelings of regret come up.**

**Nothing in the body.**

**Full acceptance and adaptation.**

**Back home 12am.**

**Commercials started.**

**What a beautiful feeling, to get the message out in the world -
regardless of result.**

**Go in peace, my friend.**

**KS7 & KS8 again triggered following:**

**Morning ride, bad air weakening the system, more bad air in brico,
inside Oszkar AC, no coffee or spinu.**

**But something wonderful happened.**

**The Mind recognizes the pattern.**

**Ear plugs.**

**Home rest.**

**Adjust Dojo so that i can laptop & serve coffee in the shadows.**

**Call Ammy.**

**-23 June 2024-**

**What do to what do to\... haha.**

**It doesn\'t matter. Just do it from the heart. Calm.**

**Little diary techno-redactation.**

**Study Anapanasati - Learning about how the Buddha.**

**More techo-redactation.**

**Eat 2 cups of simple rice with milk. Pretty easy on stomach.**

**Good night, my friend.**

**Dhamma sleep until 6-7am.**

**Afternoon firist big meal - Napoli Centrale Pizza.**

**It was pretty good, not as dukkha-bringing as others. But of course,
it\'s still pizza.**

**Full-stop - little work in the house, sleep follows about an hour
later.**

**A beautiful dhamma sleep in the living room.**

**6 hours later, there are some dukkha echoes.**

**Very nice commercial from my brother in the forest.**

**May they come in Good luck.**

**7 hours fly by as i\'m lucky enough to catch Oszkar in a mood.**

**Recently he\'s discovered and fallen in love with working with wood.**

**With his knowledge and tools, i become a padawan.**

**Learn. Work. Cut. Breath the wood.**

**The Dojo Shelf is almost complete.**

**Yes, this was the Way.**

**Tired, hungry, horny about Ammy\'s picture.**

**I have never seen such legs and feet. Wow.**

**\"When is the last time pussy get fucked?\" - game**

**Reflecting on what to Play today.**

**Well, Sunday morning is the most dhamma time of the week to work in
dad\'s home, building.**

**Let\'s do that today, check tomorrow\'s vibe about ludus.**

**I might not get another chance to work like this Sunday in other days,
but Ludus still remains open.**

**Go in Peace, My friend.**

**\-\-\--Play:Wardruna - Lyfjaberg\-\--**

**Slowly the system calms down\... what a day.**

**The weather is exactly the same as the nights deep in Thailand.**

**2 big mosquito tranquil and bite my ankles.**

**Feel to Move..**

**What a day, my friend.**

**There are many, many different kinds of meals.**

**Mind The KS2 Graph. Always.**

**Take Time to ponder your possibilities and Actions.**

**Breath. Reflect. Analayze. From Mind to Matter.**

**How the day has completely changed from dhamma to dukkha.**

**From Personal Legend to numbness.**

**\-\--Chinese: A new Approach\-\--**

**A stepback from Yinpin - school system.**

**Into the image of 2 old men sitting by the river, creating symbols
from life.**

**Began to understand Water, Tree, Sun/Day, Moon/Month.**

**See their presence, effect and dance in the real world.**

**Then Into the sounds. **

**Shuai\... Yen.. Mu.. Yue.. Ri**

**Let\'s store in heart 30 first words and practice them with
Anapanasati.**

**Let's study 30 basic words.**

**日 (rì) - Sun**

**月 (yuè) - Moon**

**水 (shuǐ) - Water**

**火 (huǒ) - Fire**

**木 (mù) - Tree/Wood**

**山 (shān) - Mountain**

**田 (tián) - Field**

**土 (tǔ) - Earth/Soil**

**风 (fēng) - Wind**

**天 (tiān) - Sky/Heaven**

**雨 (yǔ) - Rain**

**石 (shí) - Stone/Rock**

**川 (chuān) - River/Stream**

**海 (hǎi) - Sea/Ocean**

**河 (hé) - River**

**湖 (hú) - Lake**

**花 (huā) - Flower**

**草 (cǎo) - Grass**

**树 (shù) - Tree**

**人 (rén) - Person/Human**

**家 (jiā) - Home/Family**

**心 (xīn) - Heart/Mind**

**手 (shǒu) - Hand**

**足 (zú) - Foot**

**目 (mù) - Eye**

**口 (kǒu) - Mouth**

**耳 (ěr) - Ear**

**山 (shān) - Mountain**

**鱼 (yú) - Fish**

**鸟 (niǎo) - Bird**

**These words reflect essential elements of nature and human existence,
embodying fundamental aspects of life as observed and revered by ancient
Chinese culture.**

**2:40 on the Balcony with Spinu.**

**The body is rested, but is so acidic..**

**Not nearly enough wisdom in action to Handle everything that came
One\'s way.**

**But it\'s good that we have new data - a new unique pattern unfolding
of the day. **

**Everything connected and coming together.**

**Modules which miss-fired in new unstable, unable to adapt
environment: **

**\"Do You Know How To Rest?\"**

**\"Wisdom in Action\"**

**\"If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you\"**

**Oh my god, wake up to pure acidic and burping of Indian food at 2
am.**

**Very \'Unlucky\" day.**

**Many, many things come together.**

**Right hand over-use also played a huge part in it - because it greatly
affected dhamma evening activities.**

**Canu\'s role and vanity in life right now is bringing a lot of dukkha
& stress.**

**Return to the analogy of the 2 houses.**

**Build yours, my friend. Don\'t spend too much looking over to the
other\'s work.**

**Do yours truly and independently.**

**If you don\'t feel to talk/see Canu, don\'t.**

**Don\'t extra compliment him or forcefully guide him.**

**But he is in such a low balance now - so far away from the \"teacher\"
he proclaims himself to be - although it\'s eating him inside.**

**Just as his relationship. And house.**

**And his Mind will do anything it can but to recognize this.**

**But why take all this upon yourself?**

**Let him walk his path.**

**Walk your path.**

**Lead by example, not critique.**

**Stand un-shaken in belief.**

**Update indian food to 0 sentiment.**

**Granny honest words of \"Why would you ever eat that?\"**

**- 22 June 2024 -**

**Of course, give way to m\* after hate talk with Mister.**

**Still, do little around the house things.**

**Digesting\... after a while i eat one little riso - somewhat calming
but feeling the sweetening chemicals.**

**Sleep slowly comes after an hour.. there is not great excess on the
stomach, but a lot of dukkha food AND feelings had gathered up across
the day.**

**So much\... **

**The turn: talking to Mister about the crossroads with Canu.**

**It\'s so frustrating as he builds his \"house\". It is so clearly not
the way..**

**A lot of mocking & making fun - an emotional ventilation but also
reflecting on possible solutions.**

**At this point there is already a lot of food dukkha cultivated, excess
had been given way to.**

**Thought of eating indian food rises.. oh yes chicken.**

**Order up.. fate had it i also missplaced a cheese nan instead of
simple.**

**Apetizing beore meal with chips & protein pudding.. **

**Food comes. Chicken is dukkha from first bite. But i persist for a few
good bites.**

**Other food is also dukkha-bringing, although not that clear.**

**Eat a lot of the second.**

**Then ice cream to calm down the fire..**

**Some little milk.**

**The right hand remains triggered from phone over-use.**

**Also constellation with Ammy drops - here you can paint it either as
she ignoring or my intput conditioning hers (feeling bad so talking
about sucking & low energies.) - of course the Mind can see this
happening, but there is sickness in the system.**

**More, i don\'t know what to do. It\'s very warm. Sun is extremely
powerful.**

**The waiting for indian food came with extraordinary clinging.**

**Pelicanu posts photo with his new friend enjoying a fire.**

**I not even say GN to Ammy.**

**Bought out more woods and nails types. All kinds.**

**The tools for the builder are ready.**

**The Morning food, Ludus dilemma and sweet sleep.**

**Wake up to water - firewall is up to prevent eating after sleep - but
it soon drops. **

**And so eating begins.. **

**And so dukkha begins..**

**Pistachio, nuts, some snacking - **

**Upon wake-up, everything changes: **

**KS2 gets full & inflamed.**

**The Body follows.**

**The Mind follows.**

**The envinronment&fate (pelicanu, Ammy, mister hate talk, weather,
logistics) **

**all support dukkha.**

**Just few \"Bites\" in, falling in and out of love is long gone.**

**Complete change in body Alchemy. In purpose. In health. In Personal
Legend.**

**Everything is numbed.**

**\-\-\--The Calling of Chinese\-\-\--**

**I begin to study chinese.**

**It\'s so extraordinarily beautiful.**

**As i play with some translates, i notice Raul is translated as Lao.**

**This follows up last night\'s revelation of my family\'s name deep
connection to the Alchemist.**

**Now the other part of me was deeply connected to the east.**

**Maktub.**

**It is written.**

**An extraordinary wave takes over the body & Mind - experiencing
Complete_Faith() and \"Everything is One.\" **

**Destiny. Personal Legend.**

**The Chinese langauge philosophy is amazing.**

**A langauge Beyond Words. Resisted across milleniums.**

**Begin to learn about Pinyin system - but something is missing.**

**Let\'s go deeper before bluntly learning sounds.**

**Falling asleep to this vibe.**

**Whatever you do, don't deny the Natural Truths. **

**No matter how much the Mind wants to ignore them because it has no
other solution for the current =. **

**\-\-\--A Hidden Chapter in Re-Connect: The Hidden Life Skills\-\-\--**

**As i ponder about what is Re-Connect, my personal legend, i am
reminded of the great Life skills.**

**In a positive KB, a calm KS2 and a healthy body&mind - the Hidden Life
Skills begin to reveal to One\'s path.**

**Every single one of them is completely life changing.**

**Studying and practicing them, **

**One\' is studying the utmost intimate levels of Life.**

**Become a Master in the Hidden Life Skills and One shall **

**become a Master of Life.**

**A true Alchemist.**

**Learning to Truly Alchemize LIfe - this is where the teachings lead
to.**

**The Hidden Life Skils beautifully reflect the Body, Mind and Soul
functionality.**

**\-\--If you can keep your head when all Men doubt you\-\--**

**The Life skill which completely quinches any dukkha & doubt arisen by
negative patterns of disbelief & dellusions.**

**How strong is it? **

**All in all.. the Body & Mind system become so much better at Life.**

**Logistics, working, understanding deeper levels of pains, thoughts,
adaptation - everything is improved.**

**I end another day study with the deepened Revelation that \"All is
one.\" - everything matters - from dhamma path, eaten food all day,
activities, **

**The continous life&deaths giving rise to the Present Moment Karmic
Balance.**

**It is a true Art to meet the evening with a nourished, well-fed body &
mind.**

**It is not about enduring night hunger, but as re-programming with
wisdom and wisdom in action the Food Path of the day.**

**Fasting in the evening with low Chi, tired body, mind, un-nourished
- **

**it\'s almost impossible.**

**Same as with movement, True movement happens byitself because it wants
to happen - the Body & Mind absolutely love the feeling of strength, of
power - it is no longer about a Fit body - not to maintain or heal - **

**these are but consequences.**

**So shall the evening stopping of food (or very little intake - purely
and strictly shots to fuel when body asks) - come to being.**

**For the dhamma it brings, setting One\'s evening **

**in tune with his Personal Legend.**

**Study. Learn. Community. Reflect. Rest when Chi is depleted. True
Rest.**

**\"How can i turn to my Personal Legend at evening?\" -  a question
persisted in the Mind across the unfolding of evening events.**

**Sometimes after work has been done, the Personal Legend is just about
peeling potatoes. Moving around. Breathing. Stretching.**

**Sometimes it\'s just a walk in the morning. **

**Kneeling comfortably in front of the computer with the chest
supporting on desk - completely taking off back pain.**

**Sometimes is just about drinking good Water.**

**About taking a clean breath of Air.**

**Sometimes just about free-ing the ankles. Finding the right
environment to do so. A place to walk. **

**Respect the Natural Truths and the path will reveal itself. **

**Good morning, my friend.**

**In the 2am awakened KS2, i pick up the CQ world for a while.**

**Open Conquer World python project.**

**Greatness meets me.**

**What beautiful work One had done here. Amazing.**

**\-\--The Alchemist\-\--**

**As the Alchemist sits on top of the self-build shelf, together with **

**books on different religions - **

**I realize how much extraordinarily similar we are.**

**Every encounter, lesson from the old man, inner
reflections&revelations - everything the Mind reads - it is already
linked to an experience.**

**Using words but talking on a deeper level. In the unspeakable world.**

**Beautiful.**

**It becomes clear that my Personal Legend is not working for a big
corporate in whatever technology - but change the world - heal the
World.**

**Yes, just as One uses fuel for it from Yardi it could be another job,
but it must be carefully pondered not to require too much time & Chi.**

**For this regard, Neo changing jobs falls further on the priority list
for now.**

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours reduced to \~1 hour with Bicarbonate\~**

**21 June - **

**\-\--Doru\'s post of Speaking your Truth\-\--**

**Unfiltered. Unique.**

**\-\-\--A new pathway: Reading after M\*\*\-\-\--**

**Fascinating, for the first time, after a strong m\*, the body & mind
pick up the book. **

**Alchemist. **

**And read.**

**Write.**

**I feel so connected to the life, the universe and Destiny. **

**My Personal Legend.**

**For now, the full manifestation of the personal legend lies purely in
the preparation and serving of a dhamma meal.**

**KS2 calms down after the dukkha previous meal. Still, a lot of
Dhamma.**

**A pathway unfolds of eating or not eating.**

**There is a difference between hunger() and craving.**

**Had soup cream prepared - just finished and mixed it - eat with rice 2
little bowls. Dhamma.**

**In the midst of confusion and uncertainty of Re-Connect, Ammy,
future - a clear feeling rises.**

**There is nothing else better, more whole to do now other than peel
these potatoes. Cook & eat the simple soup.**

**Finish meal. But there were no firewalls. Dukkha food was already
consumed and available and the tahni already reached.  **

**But here the KS2 second graph manifested, as the \"I\" craving the
pistachio and biscuits salami was already born.**

**Gave way to some excess. Sleep followed soon.**

**Dhamma dream about working with Canu and him having emotions.**

**The \"fraud\" neural pattern activates from the time to time.**

**As i give way to more food, other dukkha neural patterns activate.
Like losing our child.**

**Some doubt with Ammy regarding her family, marriage, age..**

**The Personal Legend feels clear.. Liberate from from the money
dukkha.**

**And in the process, bring Leia home and make the world a better
place.**

**In low KB - conditioned by KS2, Chi, Nature - there are times where i
feel like i know nothing about the teachings of Re-Connect - or at least
that it\'s impossible to put it into words.**

**Look even with Canu.. he teaches about life, but he would do
absolutely anything else but study life. And wonders what we\'d speak to
our students in our meetings.**

**And so.. the weekend comes.**

**What a week.**

**Maybe go Ludus scooter? But Mind the Heat.**

**Playing around with left hand only for a while as right rests.**

**Finished Re-Connect commercial text - and closing the weekend **

**with Greatness in Yardi.**

**Plan for weekend: either leave Cluj or build plants drying/storing
shelf. (measure home wood myself or father - buy more and buy some
shurubs & dibluri)**

**Also granny needs the worker at some time.**

**Fun talk with my Ammy. Laughing around..**

**Long ride out in the city with Brotha\'.**

**Eate doner kebap then little sweet.**

**Interesting how the meat keeps hunger at bay.**

**Loggin time.. clearing Aurelia, some of Ioana, preparing NL shotgun.**

**Octavu is out until 26th June. **

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to Play today:**

**Brico - Buy More wood & tools. (maybe car? \> 10 am)**

**Yardi.exe - What up with that rent roll and FRA NOtice?**

**Higher humidity in the air.**

**\~Recovery Time 2-3 Hours\~**

**20 June -**

**Eate a humble bowl of riso rice - i could feel it did not **

**nearly satiate my hunger.**

**Full stop. Listening to Alan Watts.**

**But the combination of previous great dukkha food today, pants
tightening the waste and the \"freedom\" to roll on bed - created a **

**dukkha environment for KS2.**

**Wake up affected - should have hit bi-carbonate. But walk. Water.**

**Coffee finally.**

**Re-Connect is prepared now.**

**Time to care of my little Yardi.**

**Sitzfleisch 2-3 hours on video editing. **

**The limit between greatness and not falling into perfectionism.**

**They\'re beautiful.**

**9pm on the balcony with Spinu and a smoothie.**

**The teeth still feel the echoes of dukkha from previous food.**

**Man the power of Editing.. Extraordinary.**

**And what a man stands before the Camera..**

**Eate mango rice.. then milk eclairs and chocolate.**

**Surprisingly, just as last night\'s sleep, not too inflamed.**

**But light movement.. water.. allowing optimal conditions for
digestion.**

**3-4 hours laters.. body calms down. Craves food no longer.**

**Wanted to m\*\*\*, but my little Ammy is too upset and dukkha-filled
with money. **

**Held from m\*\* as a \"sacrifice\" to the Gods.**

**Sent her 70 ron instead of ordering.**

**Workload at Yardi rises with NL rent roll.**

**A bit of stress with the EuCompliance handling.. but its good **

**i have Ioana on my side.**

**Its good we have 3 days coming up.**

**For now, focus on Re-Connect commercials.**

**I know is not easy and comes with some stress.. but relax. Slowy
down.**

**Click by click.**

**Filmed commercials.**

**Of course, 2+ min each, haha.**

**Last one 6 min. Need to cut down.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What a quiet morning. **

**Wash clothes, clean the Dojo.**

**Overviewing commercials.. make out of them a dhamma talk, my friend.**

**Enjoy.**

**What powerful subjects.**

**19 June - **

**It all boils down to this: **

**Don\'t repeat the same mistakes. But Learn. Grow.**

**Wheels of Reconnect spinning hard time lately.**

**Long talk with Mister & N1lalau.**

**Eate mango & rice - then pistachio roll with some milk.**

**But the soul is at peace.**

**Dhamma sleep until 6am. **

**What a day.**

**Slowly.. the system calms down\....**

**Granny\'s talk is in both a tear and a smile.**

**Yes, she is right, but she is missing the secrets of life which were
opened in the process of sufferings - and more - that it still all falls
within the pattern of One\'s Destiny.**

**Gotta give it to the old man.. The awakened one walking through the
office, wearing annonymous, holding The Art of Salvation.**

**The Video at the End \<3.**

**The truth is.. there was not enough Wisdom in Action to prevent dukkha
from arising.**

**Updated Office Data modules. KS7_X_patterns, KS8_X_patterns, mandaotry
clothing(), sun_exposure(), get_out_logistics().**

**New options added to escaping the matrix.**

**Take scooter there and come back home ;).**

**Go to Mister&other dhamam places.**

**FEEL the AC zones. Avoid them better. Avoid them at any cost. Up to
fucking working if i have to 2 hours in a booth, with some KS3&4
trade-off.**

**Plan better. Meet the envinronment fully prepared. Update
Adaptability().**

**FEEL the sun\'s touch turning from nourishing to excess.**

**Food. Use Food in One\'s advantage. To nourish. To protect.**

**Try other head covers. Always wear long clothes & hoodies - the robes
of a monk, protecting him.**

**Cast mantras of protection. In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus
Sancti.**

**It all comes down to the same concept.**

**Will Sufferings turn to Fears or Treasured Lessons?**

**But sweet body, i promise you this. I will try as best as i can,
beyond any fixed concepts.**

**The Art of Breaking the Matrix.**

**And if i do fail and they try forcing this environment on you, **

**i will quit in a heartbeat. **

**I promise you. Then we will adapt. **

**The Office.. the birthplace of my Sufferings.**

**The Entrapment of the body, mind and Spirit.**

**And i will Use this as Fuel, my friend.**

**Fuel to Break the Matrix.**

**To Completely Liberate & Change the world in the process.**

**\-\--Summary: Truth-Discerning Awareness\-\-\--**

**Dhamma sleep. No food.**

**Work-stress & AC -\> first hit.**

**Long walk in dust&pollution&sun&stress&wind back -\> second hard
hit.**

**Return to AC and work-stress -\> third hit.**

**Balcony Spinu and Sun -\> the final blow**

**Summoning Kali -\> The final alchemizer of Dukkha**

**Maan.. what a mystical experience. Face to face with death after
disrespecting the Natural Truths.**

**The more sickness grew, the more further the falling in and out of
love (body&mind functionality close to 100%) was.**

**How can i forget the laying down on the floor talking with Death and
God?**

**Or the extraordinary Re-connecting to senses with the eyes closed?**

**How the Breathing continuously reflected the inner state, from
stress-\>to agony-\>to letting go-\>to calming down.**

**\-\--Return 2 Meat: a 2 months break\-\--**

**Maybe more than 3 months, up to a year since i enjoyed Meat.**

**Come here little turkey and beef.. i need your strength to recover.**

**Dhamma sleep followed.**

**\-\-\-\--One of the sickest storms ever\-\-\-\-\--**

**\-\-\--A Mystical Experience: Face to Face with Death\-\-\--**

**The Unforgiving Sun. - one thing i\'ve missed in below analysis - is
that this disease was sustained by excess to a powerful sun.**

**Written post-peak of disease - in the calming of the bamboo stick:**

**\"19 June - the mystical experience into the eyes of the universe.**

**Sickness grows to the point of death-tasting.**

**Kneeling into the dojo, contmeplating death\'s touch - and embracing
God response as He tells me my part here on earth is not done.**

**Get out - **

**There is a difference between sickness which asks to Rest or To
Move.**

**Doing the Tetrad of stairs -  first way up the mountain 1 stairs at a
time, then 2, then 3. Then 4.**

**First dukkha wave is quinched.**

**Then the closed eyes journey followed. Wow. Matrix feeling after a
while.**

**With my eyes closed, i can See.**

**I must play this in a healthy state. With Ammy or friends. It is a
true mystical experience.**

**The new taste of air.. gravity feelings, smellls.. crawling.. game to
play in togetherness with Ammy. **

**Lay down.. tired.. rest.**

**Second wave follows.**

**Just as bad. **

**Go out with the stick. **

**Reflect on the many things happening today.**

**"When the body says No" - to the office becomes clearer and clearer.**

**The energy of people. The machine-breathing air. **

**The suppression. Money dukkha. **

**The jinxing of people's eyes. I can feel them. **

**Cleaning the dishes.. taking my bamboo stick out.**

**Started learning to spin it..Deeply understand it, deeply feel it.**

** Everything calms down.**

**The breath naturally calms down, as the system starts to taste dhamma
again.**

**What a storm..\"**

**Back home 11am.**

**Again, same as before, KS7 is pretty triggered although time was
reduced.**

**Because of the heat, AC was turned on much more, all the machines
running - dehumidifier, air filtering, greatly affecting **

**This beautiful body.**

**KS8(digital eye strain).**

**The Office - is no easy thing for the awakened one.**

**Next time - bigger exit() - also need to find something enjoyable to
do while out - maybe ride with scooter and then the choices become
free - like riding to Mister.**

**I am sorry, beautiful sweet body.**

**The head, the tooth, the eyes - all hurt.**

**If i had to do this daily - instant quit.**

**Again, let laptop rest.**

**Office rumba.**

**It\'s almost clear the AC is the most X-pattern inducing for KS7 - in
office envinronment.**

**18 June - **

**Finished reviews on my part (waiting for Rachita).**

**So, the presentation comes to end.**

**What a Journey.**

**Now need to film the 3 commercials.**

**Holyland Lark Max arrived today. So beautiful.. :o3**

**With laptop writing time greatly decreased last 2-3 days, so did back
pain.**

**8pm.**

**Same place, only the nature\'s circadian rhytm is different. **

**Sun. Lighting. Temperature.**

**It completely shifts the same activity from dukkha to dhamma.**

**Re-Connect Webinar is slowly closing to el finale.**

**Need to - adjust alex case study - add people\'s review (use granny
phone).**

**Leave laptop for later.**

**Work done for today - some hiccups but all good.**

**12am on the balcony is really stressful for KS8 (eyes & head - digital
eye strain)**

**For this dhamma, One beautiful solution is to look up to the sky
towards the airplanes.. the hills, the mountains.. while just writing
and not looking into the screen - only from time to time.**

**The clear stomach slowly rising.**

**Wallace D. Wattles: **

**\"The object of life is development: and everything that lives has an
inalianable right to all the development it is capable of attaining.\"**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Mind the food, little padawan.**

**It is a true Art to Eat.**

**17 June -**

**KS2 still echoes in acidic and dukkha from last 2-3 meals.**

**Eat gladiator food - the nuts have no place in it now- **

**some Lil\^Dudes would be great.**

**Then riso rice. THe diary excess is clearly felt.**

**I feel full, but in this fullness, the body truly relaxes.**

**Sweaty sleep 3-4 hours than restfull sleep 3-4 more.**

**Wake up at 6:30 in the dawn of morning.**

**LIttle walk, good morning granny, coffee- reserve desk **

**but mine is already taken.**

**Let\'s do tomorrow. Maybe go with mommy.**

**So today just free\'d. Maybe go park?**

**Call with Ammy. Very whole.**

**The sweet revedere is coming.**

**She make some really good bussines about AC and daugther.**

**Lets see.**

**Some bad luck with food today.**

**Got really tensed up with food.**

**Tried lasagna, chips yoghurt.. instantly further conditioned to eat
milk and bagels - very hard.. **

**Road o monastery.. relax. Breath the forest. Healing.**

**\-\--Working the Land with Granny\-\--**

**Gaia is calling. to know Her. Feel her. Be with her.**

**What a chance.. what a feeling.**

**The aliveness of nature in the morning.**

**\-\--The Hidden Way to Pass a lie Detector test\-\-\--**

**There is no \"I\". **

**Rise above the "I".**

**Deeply understand and feel there was no "I" doing the doing, only an
ever-changing Mind & Body flowing with the Tao.**

**That is how one can pass a lie detector test. **

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Old Obi-Wan wakes me up in the morning.**

**Yes, i know you are sleepy, young padawan. But the Natural Truths must
be respected.**

**So Rise, young Jedi.**

**LIttle dear KS2 had a rough night -\> conditioned sweaty sleeps and
some some dukkha filled dreams (spinu).**

**\~Recovery Time 2-3 hours\~ - but different in high KB following up
last days doing One\'s work here on Earth and Ammy\'s constellation.**

**16 June - **

**Omen was here, in both the pistachio roll and second meal.**

**In this evening = meeting with food/smoke, it required a Jedi Master
to navigate it. **

**Eat just little bit to quinch the hunger for smoking.**

**Deeply understand the smoking to evening laptop time.**

**Deeply understand how the food quinches the urge to smoke.**

**Eat little bit.. and pick up the pen and paper. Don\'t go any further
than that in the future.**

**If the mind wanders around in the future, clinging will birth.**

**And write, my friend.**

**Anytime you don\'t know what to do,**

**Pick up the pen in One\'s Dojo and write.**

**Then the path will reveal itself.**

**\-\--The Money Honey\-\--**

**The money honey also played a huge part in today\'s KB, persisting
throughout alchemies and discussions.**

**Yes, the capital has gone down since last year.**

**But the lessons learned are priceless, my friend.**

**The experiences.**

**Let it go. Let it drop.**

**Ordered Holyland Lark max pro, bought M. Sacred :O clip, sent money to
ammy for move-out and visa.**

**In this low KB and chi, even the presensation feels emptier, **

**together with One\'s Path.**

**How subtle.**

**Now, as KS2 calms down, everything changes.**

**A lot of dukkha food has been cultivated in the midday.**

**As i got home from cosu, there was the choice: eat or smoke.**

**Smoking felt meh.. it\'d be sweeter in the night/morning.**

**So i eat. Mango rice coconut. **

**Finish one big bowl - feel full but the \"I\" has already birthed.**

**Continue to waffle milk and ice cream. **

**In this morning alchemy, they\'re repulsive. But in that alchemy, the
brain numbs the dukkha effects of foods in front of pleasure.**

**How can anyone\'s sayings can ever shaken your belief in the Natural
Truths of Food, Air, Movement ? **

**\-\--The Warrior Unshaken\-\--**

**Unshaken in front of the drunk guy.**

**\-\--Relationship with my horse deepens\-\--**

**Started singing.**

**No longer fearing longer roads.**

**I have fuel.**

**I have water.**

**I have some food in my stomach.**

**Enjoy.**

**\-\-\--Revelations & Theories - Low back pain\-\-\--**

**Talking, singing replenishes the lumbar fascia and it is the natural
way of increasing proximal stability.**

**Walking in vivo.. witnessing the great circus.**

**There is nothing to fear.**

**Just enjoy.**

**\"Right elbow episcondolitis\" - one doctor might argue.**

**But i label it clearly as just an overuse.. in the dance with
gravity.**

**And only Rest is needed.**

**So rest, my friend.**

**\-\-\--\"We need to Figure out how to\"\-\--**

**Working with Morpheus, i realize something beautiful.**

**It\'s about working together.**

**Both the Mind and the knowledge of a thousand brothers meeting.**

**If the Mind relies 100% on the brother\'s knowledge, it becomes
incomplete.**

**As the Mind comes in, not fearing the unknown anymore, the issue is
solved.**

**Work is done.**

**\-\-\--Falling asleep while massaging low back fascia&lymph\-\--**

**Incredible feeling, so much more soft, relevieing.. than cracking.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Never again Indian Food - the feeling becomes clear \"Why would i ever
eat this?\".**

**I can see so clearly the contrast between dhamma and dukkha food.**

**Reviewing Re-Connect for uber final touches:**

**The Legend of the Alchemists.**

**15 June - **

**Sleep until 12:30am.**

***Wake up in a heavy KS2 from negative spiked dream/state.***

***Body feels so acidic. But there is light.***

***Open up work laptop. Work.***

***Back pain persisted more than usual. ***

***Most obvious reason: X Pattern on balcony - lumbar going into flexion
and hands lifting (4h+ per day lately).***

***We must also introduce in back pain analysis Chi - especially Body
level - that is how much Chi does the fascial-musculo-skeletal have to
tense and protect spine.***

***Ordered Indian food - very heavy (burping even 12h+ later).***

***Instant conditioning to naan + chocolate and milk -\> Excess -\> too
tired to do anything else ***

***(althought the mind found eating and leaving to cosu it was later
abandoned.)***

***\-\-\-\--Play: Randi - Visator\-\-\-\--***

***While finishing up Re-Connect.***

***Man.. this song. The message..***

***The nickname my parents had called me since i was but 6 years.***

***Yes, i am.***

***A dreamer.***

***A Dreamer, even in the face of death.***

***I will Learn how to fly, no matter what.***

***Finished Lao case study.***

***Wonderful.***

***Driving around on open fields.. kinetic taxing but very fun.***

***Driving my scooter around the world feeling..***

***Good sweet morning, my friend.***

***Morning walk is something extraordinary.. but yes i know logistics
are pretty hard right now.***

***What a beautiful, beautiful day.***

***Connection with Ammy deepens and purifies.***

***Just as I thought, the Mind beginning to grasp Hope.***

***- 14 June 2024 - ***

**Dhamma sleep until 7 am. **

Wow. What a sleep.

**10pm. **

Eat my dhamma soup.. it\'s too good to let it sleep alone.

Then eat rice puddin.. this was clearly heavy, but KS2 pretty quickly
digested.

\~1 hour later, i go to sleep.

Short wake-up at 2-3 little sweaty.

**The Art of doing Greatness, yet not falling into perfectinism.**

Man i\'ve started to really learn this powerpoint app.

But what a feeling.. when i Touch a slide, i find greatness in my
brothers.

Full trust in the \"I\" doing the work before.

**9pm.**

**Some cleaning of google photos today.**

A life.. Not a half-life.

Planned on white-board next steps for Re-Connect.

Man.. a lot of writing lately.. working of the Mind.

A different kind of greatness than of the body.

But the warrior is there. Sleeping.

Some real dhamma food today.

The potato + carrot + coconut milk cream soup is amazing.

Also, granny\'s stew is really good.

**And so.. begins the last chapter of the Re-Connect webinar.**

**What a journey, man.**

Finish it all except reviews - same as reconnect/webinar.

Then gather & arrange reviews.

Final part is about sales, emotional triggers and words manipulations to
sell.

Techniques, strategies.. it\'s vain, i gotta be honest.

Work does not flow. It does not \"Write Itself\" like it this when
talking truth.

**Knowing how to change position, work with left hand, move around in
all sorts of ways with gravity - is truly a secret of life.**

**The T-Spine trigger make perfect sense in X gravity patterns.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Changed Spinu this morning back to Geu.

Such a big difference..

***- 13 June 2024 -***

**Some Yardi work. Finished & prepared to fire Rick case.**

E-docs tokens, NL amount words and awaiting Dana - the three musketeers
so far.

Brown rice + cabbage + corn - followed by some milk dessert.

So so sleep. Affected, but still restful.

Woke up and took bicarbonate - best relief so far.

Starting to feel more at peace with Canu\'s videos and presence in
Re-Connect.

He offers a very beautiful contrast - The interchanging of Yin and Yang.

It would have been boring and not as entartaining to wait for the
favorite teacher, whoever that may be.

And yes, let him embody the little padawan more at the beginning of the
road.

And Lao the Master, for the students watching.

*\-\--Play: Lacrimi de Miliardar\-\--*

7pm.

Back on the Balcony with Spinu.

Call with Ammy. She is moving out of the house.

In her eyes i can see how unshaken her love is into me.

I believe in you, my love.

Even if nobody in the world believes in you.

Stomach is so much calmer today.

*Lets continue our work.*

Its just like writing a Religion.

Heavy rain and very bad air at ITP.

As sun is covered by clouds, the air cleans.

After a while, the body adapts.

But not without cost.

Heavy rain home.

Eat Oats + some milk chocolate granny croissant. Not too much.

Good sleep follows.

Built scooter back up.

Some little mistakes, but i got it up. Ride home.

Let\'s finish it up, prepared for road. - make ITP.

Father disbelief in Ammy.

12 June -

3.33am.

The quiet night coffee with Spinu.

Work on Re-Connect.

Eate mango rice coconut, then little milk with granny\'s cake with
chocolate.

Moderate Meal.

Full stop.

It\'s only 7pm. Move around the house, yard.. eventually sit down PC.

Following morning\'s meal - the KS2 kept feeling inflamed.

Another completely new eating pattern tested. One big meal + 7h window +
moderate meal 4h before bed.

But it feels the Mind & Body testing together.

Well, very unfamiliar patterns and possibly too much variety.

Also try toning down.

What if we eat for a while just brown rice, to reset?

Dhamma work.

My work now, in order:

(Webinar-Related-Priority)

FInish Webinar

Play on Commercials - script and film

Add E-mail

Learn ppt webinar

(Outside webinar, post webinar)

Review course & over-all tasks

Fine-Tune what\'s needed.

Sitzfleisch 2-3 hours working on Re-Connect Webinar. 2-3 hours of clean
air and dhamma work.

The Birds are singing.

The system calms down..

Hunger arises - hmmm

Eate big variety meal at 10am.

Very, very full and triggered KS2, but in a different way.

Not so acidic, yet disturbing.

Is it because of the goat cheese ? Or excess? Could be.

Regardless, i initiate Full_stop afterwards.

Fascinating how the body & mind, even in great excess, if there is
dhamma food - they can return to doing some work.

Soem dhamma word/order for 20min, then little work on Yardi and
presentation - then rest and sleep.

Wake up 2:30, still the state persists.

Go get a good coffee. Shit. Do some more dhamma work.

And so, the big JLL boss is half-slained.

Cleared Dana issues.

Clear case with Rick.

Now, workload is clear:

1.  Ioana eDocs CPR - dev on BTR

2.  Rick case

3.  Dana Arrow CPR

Good morning, my friend.

Wake up 5:30, push a little more on the sleep instead of rising.

KS2 really doesn\'t like it. Sowwwyy.

Begin the day.

Games to Play Today: 

Vader - mount el Scuterino

Joanne - cut shnaps

**ReCoNNecT - man this webinar had teached me a lot. It may be the
greatest work yet.**

**\"Suntem aici să dezgropăm aceste *comori Neprețuite ale
Trecutului.\" - what a Personal Legend. ***

***- 11 June 2024 -***

Eate 3-4 little bites of some food.

Watch some youtube. Sleep soon comes, but the Mind does not Fear it
anymore.

For it know it has somewhat prepared the grounds for a good-moderate
sleep.

Of course, ideally - no dukkha food and some water after last meal,
dilluting and cleaning the digestive track.

Still, one thing is clear reflecting the past weeks - we have definitely
broken the auto-piloting food.

KS moderately affected (engine has not recovered in movement after
smoking).

THe Mind watches sleep crawl in. It does not fight it. It feels, in a
way, like a peaceful death.

I fall asleep in a peaceful prayer, pledging to to my part here on
Earth.

Until the day i die, i shall do One\'s bidding.

Good night, my friend.

8-9pm comes.

A similar feeling of weakness covers my body, same as yesterday.

Like the Echo of dukkha food.

Will you take the lessons from yesterday\'s evening ?

Now i\'m not hungry at all - but when hunger comes, my friend - take 2-3
bites of whatever - and do your dhamma work.

Eate mango&rice coconut.

Really good, slightly passed HHB around 1.2 excess.

This food, fascinating, opens me up to work on Dojo, stick on papers,
think of positions..

But not enough food to satisfy body\'s need. Not much other options.

Eate chips & yoghurt. The yoghurt is clearly bad at first bite.

So are chips. Then 2 ice creams.

Full stop - don\'t have much to do in this weather.

Roam around\... wash clothes..

*\-\--The Clear Stomach\-\--*

Get home 12pm.

Clear stomach for the last 15 hours, after putting faith before hunger
around 10-11. (when some stress arise).

I get home, lay down.

Mental images appear.

Breath is long and calm.

\"Meditation\" happens by itself.

2 hours later.. 2 pm. First little meal - smoothie - not so good - i
could feel the avocado looking green but smelling back.

It\'s ok - just eat little bit, my friend with Spinu.

Man everything is so clear in this alchemy, only once the hunger has
been passed on by Faith.

Granny also greatly affected by yesterday\'s pastry.

Bob bakery really high dukkha, already knew it.

Good morning, my friend.

Games to Play today:

Yardi.exe - spin the fidget in Emily\'s CPR, deliver NL amt to words.

Re-Connect - Man what great lessons working on this course have been.
Learning not to work for the fruits of the work.

Not for instant gratifications. But for Dhamma. With Dhamma.

***- 10 June 2024 -***

*\-\--The Hidden power of Breathing\-\--*

Wake up at 3:30.

A few powerful expansive breaths calm down my dear affected KS2 and
allow fall back to sleep.

Wake up again 6:30. This time the breathing technique not works anymore.
The body asks to Rise.

*\-\--One grain of sand is not a heap\-\--*

After 2 hours of immersion into dhamma work, the \"I\" craving to eat
has been uncontrolably birthed.

Also KS2 has become more acidic on top of smoking and late night orange
smoothie.

The body and mind have done their work.. they just want to rest and eat
little bit.

It definitely feels the echo of the croissant - the yeast - the
chocolate - oil - sugar - everything fermenting inside.

Because of this, a very acidic alchemy persisted.

A little shot of food (2-3 bites of oats or whatever) - to quinch the
food. Then Water. Then wash_tooth.

This would have been the Path of the Jedi.

THe \"I\" craving to eat is already birthed. Without even touching the
food, the body alchemy drops. But also this is highly conditioned by the
current acidic envinronemnt.

This can clearly be seen as i go to granny and i feel it burning on the
inside, not allowing full immersion in the conversation with granny
about faith and God.

It\'s so easy to cultivate dukkha, my friend.

But i eat corn puffs, yoghurt, waffle, biscuit ice cream with little
milk - From one to another,

building on the principle of \"One grain of sand is not a heap.\"

Powerful play, trickster.

I roam around the house for a while, breathing, digesting - but far from
complete.

1 hour later sleep comes.. and fall into sleep.

Interpretation: Dhamma karmic balance began dropping with croissant milk
meal - pulled it down, and before it could recover by cultivating
dhamma,

more dukkha was cultivated. The graph quickly began a combination of 2&3
(dhamma meal -\> dukkha -\> dukkha ) - not falling intro tremendous
excess but still great dukkha food together with timing(-0.9) and
logistics(-0.9) and night.

Be careful in what KS2 Alchemy One meets the night.

It\'s so easy to cultivate dukkha, my friend.

7pm.

KS2 slowly recovering.

KS3 has been triggered more than usual today.

A lot of standing, working around, cooking, together with bad sleep -
and father little training.

Mind the left line in pulling patterns, else the right lumbar fascia
will greatly tense.

I discovered a new game on phone Whiteout Survival - so nice, relaxing.

My little Ammy is so sick.. pee pee-ing blood, sick, needing money.

12pm.

Back home with Canu.

Each of us doing his own work.

Eate chocolate croissant - again such a clear, clear, clear confirmation
that it\'s heavy.

Same feeling as 2 days ago when indulged into dukkha food in combination
with air purifier - a throat inflamation and hints of a fever-like
state.

Exacly like the croissaint (while first big meal digestion was still at
phase 2) has weakened the system - allowing threats \"in.\".

Good morning, my friend.

Long time (few days but feels like long time of course), since so much
dukkha in KS2 upon wake up.

Of course, also long time since the evening last meal was so much excess
and dukkha.

The Firewalls are not strong enough yet.

Let\'s make them.

Implementing Food Firewalls

1.  Mindfulness and Awareness:

    -   Recognizing Triggers: Identifying emotional, environmental, and
        social triggers is crucial. For instance, acknowledging that
        stress from work leads to overeating can help in developing
        strategies to address stress differently.

    -   Awareness of Cravings vs. Hunger: Differentiating between true
        hunger and cravings for relaxation or pleasure can help prevent
        unnecessary eating.

2.  Strategic Eating Habits:

    -   Controlled Portions: Eating smaller, controlled portions,
        especially in the evening, can help prevent overindulgence. For
        example, having a small portion of chia pudding instead of a
        large meal.

    -   Healthy Alternatives: Opting for healthier food choices, such as
        fruits, nuts, or a small serving of whole grains, can provide
        nourishment without leading to dukkha.

3.  Routine and Consistency:

    -   Establishing Routines: Creating and sticking to a consistent
        eating schedule can help regulate hunger and reduce the
        likelihood of impulsive eating. For instance, having set meal
        times and avoiding late-night snacks.

    -   Evening Rituals: Developing calming evening rituals that do not
        involve food, such as meditation, reading, or light exercise,
        can help transition the mind and body into a restful state
        without relying on food.

4.  Physical Activity:

    -   Incorporating Movement: Regular physical activity, especially in
        the evening, can help reduce stress and promote better sleep,
        decreasing the need for comfort food. For example, going for a
        walk or practicing gentle yoga.

5.  Environmental Control:

    -   Creating a Supportive Environment: Ensuring that the home
        environment supports healthy habits, such as having nutritious
        food readily available and keeping tempting, unhealthy foods out
        of sight.

6.  Firewalls capacity - dependent on how much energy and it\'s quality
    has been consumed before the sun down.

If only 1400/2700 calories have roughly been satisfied - the firewalls
will run at 52% capacity.

Example Scenario Implementation

Situation: The Trickster() module starts to run with the justification
"I'm only going to eat a little." or \"Cmon we\'ll stay up more to
digest.\"

Enhanced Firewalls:

1.  Real-Time Monitoring: An alert is triggered recognizing the familiar
    justification pattern.

2.  Rational Override Function: The system prompts a rational override,
    asking, "What happened last time this justification was used? What
    were the consequences?"

3.  Time Delay Buffer: A mandatory 10-minute waiting period is enforced
    before any food is consumed.

4.  Cognitive Behavioral Technique: Reframe the thought to, "Eating a
    little now may lead to eating more and feeling worse later."

5.  Energy Management Check: Assess whether the craving is due to low
    energy or stress. If so, employ a stress reduction protocol like
    deep breathing or a short walk.

6.  Reward System Activation: If the impulse is resisted successfully,
    add to a streak of healthy choices and reward this behavior at the
    end of the week.

\~ Recovery Time 3-4 hours \~

***- 9 June 2024 -***

*8pm.*

*Back on the balcony.*

*Very humidified air, reminds me of Thailand.*

*Spinu reacts to the humidity of the air, in both rolling and
burning-out times.*

*Natural Truths. Air.*

***\-\--Turning a wordling meal into dhamma: Cheese lasagna\-\--***

***Spanac on top of it.***

***Olives & other availables food.***

***Really good food - passed HHB as it was so tasty and the body was
very hungry.***

***PAST HHB: graph takes a turning downward point with icecream tube.***

***Fall asleep on the chair - mental images start to arise but KS2 keeps
bringing the Mind back to reality.***

***Come back, Mind. \"This is not a time for sleep\".***

***Move little bit then sleep again.. 2 hours of restful sleep.***

***\-\--The Wake-up Urge to Eat and Adapting\-\-\--***

***Wake up to go to Cosu. ***

***Urge to eat meets wake-up firewalls.***

***Allowing some time for the Mind to wake-up and initiate processes.***

***But big traffic ahead. Weather rainy. It\'s not worth the
trade-off.***

***Adapt.***

***Wanted to come out on balcony with Spinu but the body still feels
inflamed. It needs movement.***

***Ride around Floresti, buy some things, avoid wordlings smoking, play
little gambling.. come back home - shower, clean.***

***NOW coming out with Spinu is 10x more sweeter.***

***The longer you wait, the sweeter it is.***

***11am.***

***Back home.***

***Slow rain persists.***

***It really affects how Spinu burns.***

***Niptic again exalted about a new thing - Start-up.***

***Wanted to ride to canu, but timing&logistics would be off with
Cosu.***

***Mother advices to Rest.***

***Rain start and atmopheric pressure increases.***

***Good morning, my friend.***

***Fired the 3 bullets (aliexpress, temu, emag). ***

***Go in peace, my friends.***

***Listening to \"Lacirmi de Mliiardar\" and working in the night.***

**8 June -**

4pm. First big meal.

Oats + little chia + rice with strawberries.

Even tho passed HHB, it was not great dukkha food.

So even tho feeling full and somewhat bloated, the body system can still
be doing it\'s work.

Finished Visa homework, painting Re-Connect workshop, house work.

Night comes. 8-9pm.

The choice seems to present itself. Smoke (work, talk n1ptic, etc) or
eat (momentarily free CPU, but dukkha bringing).

But still feel little full for both eating or smoking. I don\'t want
fall into excess either. So i postpone it little bit.

\"Lets talk later, N.\"

Eventually fall asleep on the chair.

In sleep, all firewalls drop. CPU free\'s.

Wake up 1 hour later - without any memory loaded into CPU, firewalls,
beliefs, statisical data&predictions, etc -

The Body wakes up and eats. Half knoppers and ice cream with milk while
standing in the kitches.

Very relaxing for a few moments.

Fall back to sleep.

Of course.. sleep, dreams, KS2 affected.

Just as statisfical data predicts - sweaty, dark sleep.

But the KB of the day was high enough to not allow too much dukkha to be
cultivated.

Wake up 2am little sweaty - begin the Day.

Continue Working on Re-Connect webinar.

I like to push it little bit, in the idea that i\'m playing the game of
feeling pressed with Canu.

As the \'need\' arose, it seems it make him truly do some dhamma work.

Scooter fixed. \<3

How beautiful it starts now, begin to have complete trust in it.

Once everything is seen, exactly what is causing the issue, the issue is
half solved.

Now i don\'t fear it anymore - abandonim me - or even if it does - the
Mind&Body can adapt again, fix, learn.

Without fear, there is no urge to sell anymore.

But use. It\'s already perfect.

And it was opened up, understood, repaired by these Hands.

In this process, i have discovered an afternoon dhamma activity pool.

Only have to mind the day & hour.

\-\--Studying the electrical pattern with Father\-\--

Everything is 0s and 1s.

Wow.

Its beautiful how father merely gives me the tools - and let\'s me work.

Tomorrow will assemble.

Anapanasati - breath feels so beautiful now.

Starting from Step 1.

Contemplating the Short breath.

It\'s so forced. So much work has to be done by the abdomen.

Now teh powerful short breath.

The moment i start to write the breath attempts to calm down.

Then i calm down in the Mind again.

ANd Write.

It kweeps calming again.

Like system overw-rites.

Writing Becomes so Muc Piti.

So much much rapture. So intense. Not content. But not fearful either.

Rapture is the best word.

Of all flavors.

HItting hard the keyboard.

THe cycles finally hit a natural end.

The breath calms down.

Inside of KS feels warm now.

On all body travels a wave of tranquility. Of calm.

Relaxing all bodies.

Contemplating all kayas and kaya sankharas.

Full light.

Calming the Breath..

Ralph wakes up.. Spinu is here, my laptop, water..

What a beautiful day.

Life.. it\'s right here.

Position III allows almost full expression of all the Laptop \"I\'s\".

So the Writes writes.

Using the computer with 1 hand, with full elbow/head support on left
hands, the Suffering ends.

Open Webinar. Play violin music. Open google docs.

Hunger to read. Write. Work. Talk Bhikku.

Anapanasati can be practiced. Also Spinu plays a part in this alchemy,
but it is extraordinarily dependent on environment -

Spinu can advise but cannot fix the suffering.

\-\--The Mechanic\-\--

Scooter Surgery.

Slowly learning, making mistakes, laying down, finding new angles, new
tools - it is extraordinary.

Father has bought the needed semi-moon and kickstart.

And slowly, screw by screw, click by click, the body of the scooter
comes off.

The Mind\'s capability has vastly increased since last time i did it, a
few days ago.

Learn alone. Fail. Adapt. Fully and deeply know the envinronment.

Aahh.. The Alchemist, my friend.

Sitting down at father\'s.

Build your dhamma place for Writings & Reflections.

Father\'s house is absolutely perfect for this during peak sun time.

Position I.

Turn chair around, create leg support- create elbow supports. - with
this KS3 is fixed - and X pattern addressed.

It is a true Art.

Position II.

KS4 follows in this position, as now gravity break point becomes the
T-Spine.

It instantly reacts to X pattern - slowly but surely building up with
exposure time.

Position III.

Lean on table with chest.

Full elbow and arms support.

KS4 X pattern addressed as long as anchor in elbow is maintained.

But at every release of the anchors, as the hands need to reach some
further keys, gravity instantly shifts from elbow and chest - to
T-Spine, becoming an X pattern.

What an intimate dance with gravity.

From all, this is by far the most comfortable one here.

This i shall use, but carefully.

Work on scooter continues.

Also, maybe build wooden table. This hits a little bottleneck regarding
if i should make plants storage and drying.

Drying first, my friend, stick to the plan. Trust the previous Mind
patterns.

Don\'t think too much about size and others, because they are way too
many variables at play. Let it work itself.

Just like the writing writes iself.

Good morning, my friend.

\"You don\'t have energy because you don\'t move and you don\'t move
because you don\'t have energy.\"

It is a beautiful quote, but it holds true only when both the
envinronment and purpose are seen and alchemized.

Like working on scooter/wooden tables. Dhamma purpose. Sun.

Fully give way to ground, full immersion into the mechanic.

Now i understand why they work as they work.

Absolutely healing on all systems.

Games to Play this weekend:

Travel Plan & Bank Statements -

Webinar R. -

Yardi.exe - Log time & Emily CPR (unknown and bottlenecks of dukkha -
slowly)

7 June -

Eate 1/2 jar of oats.

Very hard to digest at night.

Sleep 11-5 - wake up little bit but very tired, and sleep again.

KS2 dukkha persists as well as KS.

Wake up feeling pretty weak all around the body.

Studying Unveiling the Secrets of Life with Bhikku.

Again the same feeling as when i was in thailand, a way of Bhikku
speaking the core truth of all things - right into the heart of one\'s
being.

The place where all systems meet - the Unspeakable world -

Seeing assada and adinava - in all things.

Here, on the balcony, in the evening, doing one\'s dhamma work - the
body & mind calm down.

8pm.

Contemplating on going to Tauti with Canu and girlfriend.

Let\'s stay home, my friend.

Sip a warm tea with little honey and milk.. and write - if Writing
comes, of course.

Man i love to work on this presentation.

Just opening it.. it Heals.

Threw away rest of chocolate and buns. Clear clear dukkha.

Sensibility is so greatly increased.

Its beautiful, but in low KB is fearful. Haha.

KB becomes so low that even speaking with Ammy is in very low energy and
doubt. She tells me about switzerland coming tomorrow.

I thought he had already came wand fully believed in her.

All in all, let\'s get a scooter to unlock Cluj. People. Girls.

1pm.

Eat huge variety of meal.

But pretty much passing hara hachi bu - to about 1.40 quantity. (timing
0.8, logistics 0.6)

1-2 hours later with lack of purpose, as i had too much PC time already
and it started to hurt - continue with biscuits ice cream and protein
chocolate - and milk.

Man this meal in this = (env + body alchemy) - really invited dukkha in.
(perhaphs yesterday microzymes getting a thriving envinronment)

Some muscle pain and fatigueness arise..

The body is clearly tired.

LE: Of course, my friend - with Logistics going towards 0 with peak hour
closing up, the previous 1.40 quantity food has not nearly finished
digesting.

And incomes the 3 musketeers\-- biscuit ice cream, lidl protein
chocolate (worse than normal at times) and milk.

Absolutely perfect for any dukkha waiting to thrive.

Dhamma work 2-3 hours on Webinar website - it looks absolutely
beautiful.

Me and Canu\'s work coming together.

Good morning, my friend.

Another day comes.

Man in this new alchemy, of calm body.. and Mind.. Pelicanu\'s work on
site is exquisite.

Requires little to not input from me.

6 June -

\-\-\--Taming the Beast\-\-\-\--

\-\-\--The little bite in case the KS2 echoes too much dukkha\-\-\--

At night, after a heavy dukkha episode on KS2, it may meet the night
hungry, un-nourished.

The dhamma is to not force the body into hunger and acid, but gently
support it with just little, little food in the kitchen, taming the
beast.

Eate 2-3 spoons of chia pudding and one shot of cereals - clear dukkha
in cereals.

Somewhere in between 11pm and 5am ai also snacked the chocapic bar -
LOL.

I have no concious memory of it.

Complete black out.

Still, with greatly controlled quantity - sleep a good 6 hours, waking
up with the musculo-skeletal-fascial system ready to Move.

To Live.

KS and KS2 slowly recover in purpose and clean air.

Very thick Spinu, and also pushed it little to far. Adjust technique.

This instantly echoed effect upon next hours and morning, giving rise to
an inflamed KS.

I could tell just by the look of it.. so thick.

Re-do technique from mixing up chewbie to not be too thick.

The line between to thick and un-smokable.

A combination of mild-moderate KS triggering and KS2 mild inflamation.

9pm.

Milk tea with Spinu.

Oh and only here.. in clean air, relaxing, the Writer Writing..

The system begins to truly calm down.

Fascinating how just as greatness births, or work, or any other beings -
so does dukkha food too.

Food is everything, my friend. The pillar of pillars.

In the light of the body and mind functionality, Food is the Godfather.

Another life skill arises -

Becoming Aware of the Birthing.

Working on Re-Connect webinar.. and time flies.

Man i love to write about this.

To Watch these hands create Art.

\*Urge to eat appears, following consumption of Chi\*.

\*Maybe little bit?

2pm.

Below\'s reflections end in dukkha 3 smokes hit with Spinu already
prepared to leave. (bad jojo)

M\* follows. Alchemy follows.

Few scrolls on tiktok then up to chips & yoghurt.

Finish and strait to chocolate corissants and other pastry with milk.

Unbeliavable how everything changes.

Of course my friend.

Firewalls coming up and shattered by the trickster.

Play Madmax.

Sickness slowly crawls in.

Whole musculo-skeletal system feels inflamed.

Breath mroe shallow.

Throat inflamation.

Can One turn this around?

Grab 2 biscuits before going for a walk.

Contemplating smoking or eating: and some fear about doing both.

Well, it\'s not like it\'d be the first time, as granny says.

Amazing how the \"I\" buying the pastries eventually birthed.

Ammy feels very bad.

Canu finished his work and up to me now.

Carried around all day some work dukkha while only working for a total
of \~1 hour.

Back home and roll one.

.. water.. wash teeth..Black tea with milk

Far from fully recovered. And also tired on many systems.

\-\--Greatness in everything these hands touch\-\--

As i look upon these hands is true Greatness that i see.

I truly cannot remember the last time when i respected the dhamma of
food and evening life for 4 days straight. - with on and off.

Only 50%.

And it\'s effect is so extraordinarily strong.. Only 50% it can Heal
anything, it feels.

Bring light to 100% of the micro-levels of happenings, the binding of
Natural Truths, and respect them only 50%.

And One\'s life will change.

A Tear and a Smile.

Card is here.

In this dhamma way of eating, daily costs have greatly dropped.

Card arrived \<3.

Temu and Aliexpress orders - bring little money dukkha -

but let\'s meet it with the feeling of being home, in this togetherness
of Body, Mind and Spirit.

In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti.

Let\'s order my dear friend.

Job is extraordinarily fueling everything.

But also take care of your litta flower, little bit.

Don\'t give into greed.

What do these money buy - the question must always be pondered.

If money is not spento on dukkha food, everything is well.

The Art of Ordering from China.

The current karma of clothing cannot be priced.

Its absolutely amazing the clothes this body wears. 

Complete Love.

Talk with N1ptic.

Re-birth of Ending_Pain. Let\'s get it up & running.

Learn to do greatness, but don\'t lose One\'s Self in perfectionism.

It is a true Art.

Good morning, my friend.

Awaken beautifully rested at 3, effortless wake up.

Not from disease. But from meeting a new day.

Must focus on work little more today as well. Take care of the fueler
for now.

It fuels everything.

As Air is addressed.. as the body relaxes.. breaths.. as the eyes
relax - as there is complete trust between the Body and the Mind -
everything calms down and sets the foundation to Greatness.

Doing One\'s dhamma work for the sake of working alone.

Turning work from stress to peace.

Beautiful work yesterday. And the day before.

The Alchemist.

Games to play today:

Yardi.exe - Rick & Emily

Pick up card - \<3 - walary coming soon.

The Art to Move - Let there be movement, Jedi

Re-Connect Webinar - keep playing

In the eagereness of ordering dhamma shoes, i messed up the size to 36.

But the Mind is Clear - instant logical follow if it\'s my mistake or
aliexpress - then Adapt.

Gift to Mother, Lavinia, Ariana.

Order a pair for my Ammy too.

There is no dukkha. No stress in the system - other than the packets
from China clearly containing microzymes

It\'s good i will order again, better, with the lessons learned - also
order acai and blue petals.

The Art of Adapting to life.

5 June -

Good night, my friend.

Play AC: Preparing for War with Suma, for freedom.

The Clear stomach allows true light on everything.

How beautiful it is to meet the night as so.. how blinding towards
one\'s purpose, relationship, house, being - can night dukkha food
excess bring.

It\'s so clear regarding Ammy how blinded i was by food to put her to
sleep more often.. I will my love.

\-\-\--Reading and Ordering Diary&Photos\-\-\--

Man this is such a relaxing, reflective evening dhamma activity.

Because the body can fuuully relax while only the right hand is doing
some work.

Slowly, bit by bit - order and reflections.

Reading only 5 months ago Thailand experiences i can see the birthplace
of Re-Connect teachings.

It\'s extraordinary.

\-\--The unbelievable rising of the Healer\-\--

Another efortless full stop eating evening comes..

How ? i don\'t know exactly, as it\'s not one system or happening to
credit, but all. Together.

But now 2/3 of last days had dhamma food and effortless stop.

As hunger came in the night, i eate little corn - which was just
enough - to \"calm down\" the demons craving for chips, yoghurt, watch
movie.

They instantly calmed. The body not needed much it seems, just little
bit. Little good food.

Corn is truly magical.

Ordered Ohvaz and more Manu Teas. Need to build a shelf for plants
storage as well. Slowly, my friend.

Maybe also build parallels.

And how everything rippled from the Morning Choice.

In this dhamma alchemy, Kali has no chance of birthing, even though it
story\'d one of the most ecstatic fantasy-inducing photo.

The energy exploding in bursts, but the guarding Cat is there. The
\"Demons\" have no Chi and Food to run.

\-\--Play: Reflections on a Hero\-\-\--

Green curry from Lidl was absolutely amazing.

Body is tired. But it has done it\'s work today.

Mind is tired. But it has done it\'s work today.

Together.

Story\'d Ammy\'s dark sexy photo. What music came to me, absolutely
perfect.

Imagine if the little padawan saw One\'s stories from today.

He\'d be left speechless and content.

Oh but only if you knew little padawan the price paid to learn about the
Secrets of Life.

The stories vibe embody perfectly the path of the Hero. The Personal
Legend.

\-\--Alan Watts - The Four Ways\-\--

How beautiful and straight to the heart of teachings he goes.

To Re-Connect.

I now realize how deepl Alan\'s Life philosophy is rooted in my life and
Re-Connect.

Man how he talks about it.

The scheme which runs in all religions.

Repentance - with it\'s opposite rebellion.

Resignation - and over at the opposite side - Re-incarnation - in the
sense of entering into the flesh.

Work comes to fruition. Delivery.

Very hard day, a lot of unknown regarding this report.

But once the Mind was focused on this - once stomach calmed down - once
clean air and rest have been cultivated - it all follows.

What a story from Ammy. Kali challenges me. Or invite\'s me to play?

On top of all, i am glad she is feeling better.

Canu visits just as i was planning to buy croissant & indulge in eating
in this low alchemy.

The Choice - between eating the corn, clear HHB in that moment - and
giving up vacuuming -

Or vacuuming and postponing food?

I don\'t know exactly how.. why.. but the Mind&Body start to vacuum.

For sure the dhamma house, floor, only 5 minutes to vacuum the whole
house.

Warm shower. Wash hair.

Film together.

A feeling of too much exposure time to Canu rises - like his microzymes
starting to hurt me.

Air purifier did great job while talking.

Still, more and more his presence in the house affected me.

Stress from work.

\-\--Slowly things calm down.\-\--

Pelicanu leaves.

Stomach calmes down.

\"I\" slowly starts birthing, in the face of all overwhelming. Not
looking at destination.

But merely on the next step.

Chi Recovers.

As I get outside in clear air, dhamma evening lighting and envinronment,
the Clear Mind births.

Extraordinary computing power doing one\'s work - everything is seen.

Executed.

Watching Granny in this lower alchemy no longer comes with fascination
and simply watching her Mind think and body Be.

What in other morning alchemy was absolutely fascinating, now it brings
dukkha, the mind&body no longer want to slow down and watch life.

No longer fascinated by it.

Good morning, my friend.

Adapted NL_AmountToWords - it so easy to work with Morpheus when One
truly sees the code.

Deeply and intimately understand it. Issues become lessons, in the
certainty that everything comes down to 0s and 1s.

There is no unknown.

Interesting to note that The Healer has completely gone into sleep once
the Eater has arisen.

The Plant medicine study completely disregarded.

Of course, for he is not the One who eats at night.

But the One who Heals. Studies. Reflect. Breath.

\~Recovery Time 4-5 hours\~

4 June -

Dropping Spinu in Water and bad coffee.

Had to re-do both, right as they were about to happen.

With Spinu, the thought of missing out on the Healer\'s touch at night,
brought Piti to body, making it shake and dropping Spinu in Water.

The body loves so much the Healer.

It is truly in love with Him.

Oh my god so much sickness in KS2.

Its so much more worse and acidic than KS triggered by smoking.

Pure acidic.

Mango rice coconut milk meal - started off little bit with the un-fresh
rice.

Clearly passed hara hachi bu, going to around 1.20.

But the KB is so high is does not pull down so much the digestive system
health.

But then\... this is where shit went down.

Round 1. Start eating tortilla chips.

Why ? The body microbiomes and whole body meeting food after 25 hours -
it\'s not easy thing my friend.

The firewalls was not nearly strong enough.

The trickster managed to somehow trick the other modules that it\'s ok,
it will just hurt little bit. Bringing the smile of waking to the
intimacy of the night and working..

Man what a dellusion - it\'s not worth it, my friend. The intimacy of
the night can be met without food great dukkha.

Oh and dukkha grows. \"Fight\" with my sick Ammy, triggering about
money. Even to the point of joking about eating the croissant.

How subtle man\... its so suble.

Timing closes to -1, logistics around -.8 with no schedule/movement
activity post food, but still finding some light work around house.

Play AC: the Game is not nearly as satisfying and peaceful as before.

No feel to do anything else. No feel to watch psyhics, math, study NN,
work on Neo\'s projects, listen to dhamma - nothing can be executed.

KS2 is very full, eating the bag of tortilla after 1.20 quantity of
mango and rice really topped the stomach.

The chyme now becomes fat and oily, great processed food alchemizing.

Round 2 - After 1 hour of AC, KS2 sickness becomes greater - up to a
point in which the Eater() again is programmed to run.

The Trickster() aids and fools the system once again - numbing the clear
pattern prediction of what eating croissant with milk would do.

Continue to eating the croissant + chocolate caju biscuit - with milk.

Now Hara Hachi bu is long passed and more so, filled with dukkha food.

We see again the perfect manifestation of Kaya Sankahara 2 Karma Graph
2.

Soon fall asleep a while on chair. In almost insomnia, the body wakes up
sick with a pre-defined greatly faulty programming of.. eating more.

Round 3 - The sleepeating of more milk & biscuits. Trickster again
births, painting the easiness of the biscuits with milk, calming the
system.

Of course, just as always, it calms down just for a few moments while
eating and after - but this is enough because the Mind runs to sleep
before dukkha emerges from this action.

Fall into a troubled sleep - awaken at 2AM.

4 Hours of laying down in this KS2 alchemy.. unconciousness. Just
imagine, my friend. What this sweet body has to go through.

Its unimaginable. In this full alchemy, even with top notch timing and
logistics, it would take 2-3 hours to digest & calm down KS2.

Instead it\'s straight to sleep.

Having the Air purifier run before sleep and in night mode - improving
quality of air - has worked somehwat against KS2, which allowed better,
longer sleep in this dukkha-cultivating alchemy.

I awaken to such a triggered KS2. So much dukkha. So acidic.

The sky is full of stars. What a sight in what a sick body.

I\'m so sorry, my love.

What an end to such a beautiful day.

As the suffering echos into the new day, as the sun prepares to rise,
but a question remains.

Will One use this day\'s unfolding as Treasured Lessons, or Fear?

But for now gotta focus on Yardi some some.

Work & Deliver the Overage letter - it\'s absolutely amazing i don\'t
need to touch the script - only template.

Slowly. Field by field, my friend.

Rick Rent Roll case - test & understand issue

Emily JLL - aaah.. my friend back to me. :)).

NL_AmountToWords -

Talk with Brother about greater vision & plan.

Each of us has clear tasks fo now. Beautiful.

He started writing.. haha.

5pm.

Back on the balcony with Spinu.

Went for a ride. Beautiful adaptation.

Call with Aurelia, what a random deep connection. So clearly i can see
the pattern of her disease.

Ending fasting 25h later with little smoothie. What an experience.

\-\--First Fasting in the Last 3 years\-\--

12pm.

Back on the Balcony with Spinu.

It\'s been almost 24h.

No food for over 22h.

Past 18-19h - it started to feel amazing. Healing.

Oh what i\'ve missed on with the little meals dellusions of not breaking
the fast.

It is truly an amazing feeling. When One trusts his ancestors flowing
inside him, trusts God and all of life flowing around.

There is no separation.

Clouds and rain come in perfect sync.

Ammy\'s packet has arrived. To my woman in dream..

In this clear stomach, the uber ride home was a treasured meditation.
Closed eyes. Long breaths. Mental images of work and Re-Connect.

I begin to truly believe in this Project - and what it has to offer to
the World.

Going with Gravity in the car rather than fighting it - the body
liberates. Breath calms down when the Mind manages to stop interfering
in movement.

It is outside your scope, Mind. To Control the body\'s movement.

The body has moved for millions of years before you\'ve emerged. Yes,
Study it deeply. Intimately. Understand it. Guide it. Support it in this
journey.

But do not interfere.

In this clear stomach, the urge to m\*\* and eat has long passed.

Just Write..Work..Rest.

Left work at 10:40. 4 hours it\'s enough. Use complicated patterns -
from skipping first 3-4 hours, to leaving early, etc.

I will not keep you in pain, body.

We can adapt to anything.

Play.

\-\--Into the Lost Chapter Of Medicine\-\--

The wise Professor Bechamp and the power-socially-money fueled Pasteur.

Having a calm stomach truly helped.

\-\--Office Day\-\--

So wonderful seeing mom in the morning. The great upside of coming to
office.

Became more mindful of the inside air currents, ac and eyes strain
(over-working).

This envinronment is clear dukkha. AC is clear dukkha. ll the microzymes
around here clear dukkha.

Next time i will do the old trick, leaving 2h effective office time.

Doing again of the NL words to amount - having lost the already solved
puzzle.

This time, 10 times more difficult.

Adapt.

KS7 begin slowly getting worse.

Also stress, a lot work, moving out of the office have to be considered.

Also passing out coffee.

This is the envinronemnt.

And the trigger is the X pattern exposure - AC, in-doors, and most of
all, screen time - Focused screen time.

LE: Out on the balcony, as the sun comes out from behind the clouds with
the visual system ofucsed on screen - it instantly.. instantly becomes
an X pattern for Kaya Sankhara 7.

To read, understand, process, the visual demand is incredibly high in
this contrast of strong natural light and screen.

I close my eyes.

X pattern is instantly turned into Y pattern. KS7 calms down. The whole
system calms down. Write like this.

The Alchemist.

3 June -

\-\--Queen of Night:Jasmine\-\--

Haven\'t worked much, but worked some.

Evening yard walk and talk with Ammy.

Brew a slow tea of Jasmine, inviting sleep to come when it pleases.

Play AC.

Now live always without Fear, for you fate is set and you cannot scape
it.

12pm.

KS feels recovered. Again, Trade-Offs.

I can feel the eyes (KS7) overworking on the balcony on powerful
midnight sun and black background apps, struggling to decifre.

Clear X Pattern.

Icloud is much better, yet the sun still tired the eyes, having to
over-focus.

I close my eyes and keep writing.. finally, they relax.

Now only the mind is processing, as the body breaths and relaxes.

A new Way to write.

The only limit is in your Mind.

Just after seconds of resting and looking away, KS7 immediately enters Y
pattern - and relaxes.

\-\--Into The Engine\-\--

To understand what\'s going on in the scooter and later order/fix, we
must open up the scooter.

While at it, also investigate alarm and cutting it off.

What else better to do this morning?

Opening up the engine.. learning from the master.

Dhamma work on Re-Connect webinar.

Slowly, my friend.

Click by click.

In greatness.

KS felt affected, now the intimate clean air of the night is Healing -
together with One\'s Dhamma work.

Good morning, my friend.

3.24am on the balcony with Spinu.

Marked today as office day, let\'s see. Must also consider Medical leave
drop-off - making it a choice today or tomorrow.

As I open work stuff, greatness awaits.

But also a lot of work has piled up.

Slowly. Step by Step. Click by Click.

2 June -

\-\-\-\--Everything is Trade-Offs\-\-\-\--

Immersion in AC.

Become tired and somewhat hungry.

Recently smoking with Cosu would make the evening smoke come in somewhat
excess.

With risk possibility of m\*\*\* and over-eating.

But if not, if i just eat and watch tv series.. i would miss out on
evening to night writing.

But i would rise in this quieteness of the night.

Eat 100g cookie with milk.

Dukkha food, slight passing of Hara Hachi bu, -1 Timing, -1 Logistics.

Affected sleep followed.

Cosu Visit.

Life is good. Moving forwards.

It\'s no easy thing to liberate from the Money Game.

Eate morning dhamma cream soup with Risso rice.

Each bite, i can feel the polished carrot, the slowly cut potatoes.. by
these Hands.. It\'s Healing.

First Omen - the black stone

Second Omen - staining the t-shirt

Stopped around 0.10 past Hara Hachi Bu of dhamma meal.

Engaged in some light dhamma activity - just a few minutes - after
meal - catching of Flies, little ordering, preparing clothes to wash.

Anything. Creating dhamma Logistics for digestion.

Feeling gooood.

Lets play AC \<3. Then Madmax.

Then watch psyhics.

\-\--First time driving Manual in city without Low back pain\-\--

Required extraordinary focus, adapting on biomecanical level.

Together with pattern analysis and prediction of the aliveness of
traffic.

Mind is Piti. It cannot go anywhere else but this very ever-changing
present, constantly adapting.

Everything is gravity.

It\'s so clear.

In how many points does the weight constantly bear? What structures
follow these points and angles?

Extraordinary concious pattern analysis and constant adaptation.

The Violin.

Good morning, my friend.

The rooster sings the beginning of a new day.

1 June -

2 Omens appear as HHB is passed but i don\'t remember them now.

Omens can be used as triggers to firewalls rather then control.

Towards the health of all the modules.

KS7 extremely triggered. Eyes. Head like exploding.

But there is some form of peace, that this body&mind will not die before
it\'s time, whatever it\'s Destiny may be.

Its happening, right here. Nothing is out of Place.

I M\*\*\*, blood flows from the head into the sexual chakra, releaving
head.

Then as i finish, blood instantly flows back to the head. A wave of Pain
follows.

Still, in this low alchemy, i find the energy to cook my dhamma avocado
meal.

Fry bread, each slice - little cream cheese, pepper, pickles, avocado.

What a meal.

But it\'s 8pm already.

The \"All or nothing\" somewhat activates.

No firewalls. The \"I\'s\" are already birthed in the mind craving
sweets post main meal.

The fuel is already birthed in the real world as croissants, chooclate,
milk.

Eat 60g croissants with 100g chocolate.

We follows Figure 2. from Digestive System Health.

Great excess, but still, because of the dhamma day and food throughout
the day - sleep from 10 to 2.

Good sleep, awakening to a negative 1.3/2 KS2 KB.

In other days and dukkha food cultivated before last meal this would
have been an easy -2 KS2 karmic balance.

6pm.

Back on the Balcony with Spinu.

There have been constant pauses of 8-12 hours between Spinu visits
lately.

Man it feels so good that work is taken care of.

The Mental images this morning spiked Mind\'s interest towards reading.

The Nimittas.v

So i brough my book - The Secrets Of Life - out here on the balcony.

Accessing the note is Google Docs is a click away.

KS7 slightly triggered from windy walk and a lot of time in
supermarket\'s AC/cold temp - together with eating chocolate, proning
the teeth to dukkha.

Diving into Anapanasati..

Experience Piti and Sukkha.

Piti is not peaceful.

KS is very affected.

Filmed some things with Mister about

Writing in the Water, the 3 minutes full body workout.

\-\--The Art of Being Oneself even with others around\-\--

No easy thing.. same with Ammy.

To Navigate the realm of being truth to self.. and engaging in
connection. 

2 Minds. What a wonder to observe another Mind & Body.

\-\-\-\--Anapanasati: The Mental Images\-\-\-\--

Lay down.

For the first time -

Mental images - random with no comtrol followed by almost full control.

So much clear, right in front of the closed eyes yet with the awareness
of the body still full.

Complete immersion into the image.

Coming and going, hundreds of them.

So beautiful.

Then, after a while as breath calmed down, the Mind begins to feel
somewhat in control.

The White dot in the middle.  

Soon fall asleep.

Dhamma sleep until 8:30 am.

The Night has turned into Light.

Rise. Walk. Cook.

Feeling overwhelmed with a lot of work needed in re-connect webinar.

Mister words are so simple that they\'re funny.

\"Well start with the first page.\"

What a wise man.

You\'re right, my friend.

Slowly.

One page at a time.

One phrase at a time.

Still, having the basis from Sales rocket and Pelicanu\'s touch greatly
helps.

Some beautiful dhamma work has been done. Just write from the heart and
it will write itself.

\-\--Deeper into the intimacy of gravity\-\--

Preparing some food, the One doing the knife sharpening re-births, now a
thousand times more wiser.

How well you understand the process and further how well you\'re using
everything your body has - to the Art of generating force throughout the
whole body.

Not peeling the carrot, but polishing it to perfectiong. Again, all the
intimate combinations of leaning, partaking with both hands - everything
to reach the perfectly polished carrot. Just for the sake of it.

Just the One who handstands, coming to life months later after no
practice - a thousand times more balanced.

Now, maybe do today full course review with brother? then adjust the
necessary ones, like volume on white hoodie clips.

With complete trust in this Mind, in these Hands.

As the body alchemy changes and calmness surrounds the body&mind, the
view on the world changes.

In AC i no longer want to return quickly home, but explore Ireland.

4 hours later, as it calms even more deeper, everything changes.

Watching my brother videos, my videos, problems no longer give rise to
problems, but to lessons and solutions. to Knowledge.

This course is absolutely extraordinary.

How it all comes together.

\-\-\-\--Clinging to Success: The Paradox\-\-\-\--

The stomach waves comes from time to time in certain videos coming from
dhamma sound to less dhamma sound.

It not about it coming or not.

It about how you meet it.

If One meets it with sincere Understanding, an open heart and mind to
improve - while in full acceptance with who \"I\" was at that present
moment (in terms of video/image/processing) - then everything is dhamma.

Then One will achieve Greatness - without even trying to. The path will
be walked for the beauty of it, not for clinging to Greatness/Success.

If One meets it with Fear, overwhelming doubt and stress of re-doing and
failing, neural networks activation of fails and lower levels activation
of dukkkhas (deeper core beliefs) -

Then One is completely lost and will never learn Greatness.

And more, will walk the path in stress and fear.

Good morning, my friend.

It\'s weekend. Time is logged & finished.

Games to Play this Weekend:

Transcendence - \<3

N1ptic Crypto - Time to learn cypto programming? what a world

AC - Explore Ireland.

Re-Connect - Film movement \<3, Workshop presentation.

What a chance to play my part in the world of Men.

Awaken at 11pm, in perfect sync with logging time before May ends.

Oh how much energy and time I saved by doing this and not postponing.

May Ends with Greatness cultivated at work.

The last touch of work has been done just in sync with Need.

But it's fascinating rather than guilt-inducing.

What a Mind \<3.

**- 31 May 2024 -**

**1am. **

On the Balcony with Mister and Spinu.

The awful sickening smell has calmed down.

**Awaken at 11pm, in perfect sync with logging time before May ends.**

Oh how much energy and time I saved by doing this and not postponing.

May Ends with Greatness cultivated at work.

The last touch of work has been done just in sync with Need.

But it's fascinating rather than guilt-inducing.

What a Mind \<3.

**Get home.**

Fear of bad air alchemy persisting, but it doesn't - even tho the water
still leaks.

It seems that i've managed to alchemize the inside by closing the
windows and leaving the air purifier to run.

Still, echoes of previous dukkha still persists, as well as = in this
environment with Mister, with familiar patterns of past overeating ready
to run().

Ate mango rice- man this food is amazing - even in little excess it does
not trigger KS2.Of course, that mango was absolutely perfect too.

**Leaving Air purifier to run on L1 for hours.**

Its effect can clearly be seen, especially with Mister here, an
environment which before would had become very heavy to talk in.

**Water pipe broke, everything smells like shit. **

Stomach feels sick from it.

Adapt.

Check father's location first.

Then perhaps mother.

Got to father. Stomach is incredibly triggered.

Slowly calm down..

Air my, friend - is extraordinarily important.

**It is a shame for a Man to grow Old without experiencing the Strength
of his body and the majestic dexterity of his hands.**

*The Art to Move.*

*And The Art to Write.*

*Same thing, different intensities***.**

**Editing video while walking meditation in park - what an activity.**

For this morning dhamma, temperature is everything.

The Western World has no continuous access to this morning "meditative"
state, nature doesn't allow this to happen.

In low temperature environments, the natural truth 

prioritisation of Mind & Body change.

Cold.

It is much more to Cold than what One would initially think.

Just as dukkha in air, food - and movement - dukkha in temperature in
form of both cold and hot (either body's temperature (limbs, face,
feet), outside & inside house temperature and combination of both) -
will start cultivating great dukkha.

*The Alchemist is constantly adapting to the environment through various
tools such as clothes, movement, breathing, logistics.*

**The changing of Main Diary to Google Docs.**

With Icloud notes again causing troubled and lately becoming more
familiar with Google docs far greater potential to create Art, 

The choice becomes obvious.

Also, switching to G. Docs completely solves the Diary Back-up and
formatting.

But it must be respected what a huge change it is.

**Use Icloud Notes just as the name suggests.**

Notes. Not for writing books.

Patience from Zhou. Adapt.

Test. Re-test.

***\-\-\--Write Your Name În The Water\-\--***

The only Movement one needs.

În just 3 minutes, it can activate all motor functions and replenish the
engine.

All directions warm-up (play, discovering, learning)

Then naturally transition to longer movements, rest of body starts to
incorporate.

Reaching full range, full strikes in the water.

All fascial lines activate in a dance.

*"WRITE YOUR NAME IN THE WATER"*

**It requires Jedi Master level of fascial generating and absorption of
force to** contain back pain.

The great left-right analogy. 

The right is like a violin, the left is like a child learning to walk.

The right produces music, the left hurts the ears.

Will the Right one be a Teacher or a reminder of low-self worth and
failure?

It's all in how One thinks.

**The rooster sings the beginning of a new day.**

**Good morning, my friend. **

What a Day.. 

But here comes another. 

How are you going to meet it?

**- 30 May 2024 -**

**3am.**

**Begin the day at school and then coffee & Reflections with Spinu.**

Everything started with the KB being too low to run 

any firewalls or greater views of things.

**Pathway narrows**. Just as my brother said. Flashlights go out.

2.5 sleep to \"take on\" demons of m\*\*\*, doubt, fear of failure,
translator lady dukkha, my friend presentation feeling so rushed and not
completely felt 

\- But yet he worked a lot - and the core ideas are dhamma.

**As i poo, breath, relax, KS2 calms down - the problems are **

**no longer so serious, unsolvable problems.**

The translator lady, Have a nice life motherfucker. 

I\'m sending the papers today, with or without your fucking translation.

My brother, good job my friend. Amazing work.

 Now comes the binding of worlds, where my touch meets yours.

***\-\-\--The Great Hide & Seek\-\-\--***

2pm. 

Talk with N1alau, he plays like an addict 3000 ron in few clicks.

 I feel bad for my friend.

Ordered indian food. Initially planned rice + mango postponed.

Stress from visa paperwork continues as fucking Translate lady acts very
childish.

Coldness and Rain come, as i finish m\*\*\*.

I am extraordinarily tired. Sick from tired actually - a part of the
body wants to sleep. 

Already awaken and done so much for the last 14 hours.

Another wants to eat.

**Too sick to sleep** - the laying down post m\*\*\*, as KS2 gets more
triggered, 

thoughts of sickness and death arise.

Use the force of the Eater to rise and eat.

Eat a lot of cheese on top of the indian spinach food - which also 

weighs heavy (even 12 hours later, indian food burps are coming).

**All the firewalls are coming down in this alchemy.**

Without even a second to breath, to think, to rest - the Body & Mind 

instantly continues to desserts.

100g toblerone chocolate, naans, milk.

**The Mind has no CPU power to process and find a solution to this
happening**, although in low level (unconsciousness) it\'s clear how
full the stomach is getting and with each bite, just pressing down the
forming chyme.

I finish eating. So much that I can feel the food already coming up the
tract, even in vertical or slight horizontal. position.

I can feel the forming chyme coming up the tract. 

It comes as a life threatening feeling. 

Putting the Mind in extraordinarily sympathetic activation on
unconsciousness. 

*The body enters the Dukkha KB and soon the Mind follows.*

**Still, not really panicked on higher-level - i just sit and drink
water.**

A wave of terror bursts in the body in a clash of the body\'s instinct 

of falling asleep and the Mind fighting it.

\*

-   Being extraordinarily scared fall into this excess alchemy, 

> for it knows it will hurt and bring great dukkha.
>
> *Here the Wisdom is action to completely trust the body could have
> been useful. \*No matter what the mind did, or wants - it is always
> the answer to listen to the body, and aid it in this path, not force
> it on another.*

**Eventually i fall asleep 2 hours, but dream dukkha dreams and **

**awakened to a triggered KS2.**

The Trickster tricks again with selling the playing AC pattern after
eating, therefore allowing digestion.

Oh but as soon as this happens, i find only dukkha in the game. I am a
the only one alive here, it is but an illusion of the eyes and ears.

So far from all the senses. Fear. Anxiety. Meaningless. I quit the game
soon after.

\*Opposed to playing in high KB, where the game is an extraordinary
gateway into valhalla, the world of vikings. An immersion of strength,
skill, code. destiny, Greatness. The building of civilization.

As soon as it relaxes slightly, i continue with chips + yoghurt, then
more toblerone with milk and some biscuits.

Even constellation with my love angel Ammy - the response to her \"i
love you all my heart\" becomes \"i have to say too? \<3\" 

\- yes, as a tease, as a play - but the 0s and 1s know no difference.
They travel the world just as they would in dukkha play.

KS2 is extremely low, around -1. No chi. No weather. No logistics.
Enclosed environment with no movement. (-1 logistics and now in evening,
-1 timing)

The graph has completely manifested downwards - with figure 2
(dhamma\'ish to dukkha) full representation until Quantity reaches
great, great excess.

And the Mind is in complete darkness. Cannot see anything.

Tiktok dark energy, tv series raising life death and mystical views
which in this KB bring great dukkha, translator lady ignoring, checking
workshop pp and seeing so much work to be done.

**No evening dhamma activities can be executed().**

Watching space&psyhics, MrBeast, writing, learning AI, learning math,
playing dota while listening to dhamma talk, yard walk and talk to
brothers, granny talk&visit, playing AC, reading, building wood,
studying plants, brewing plants, healing, pattern analysis of the
previous day, reflections on current work, video editing, re-connect
writing&editing pp, Neo\'s path of relaxed low-computing work of
github&others, and on and on and on - 

NOTHING CAN BE EXECUTED().

***\-\-\--Inception: The perfect mirror of Dreams\-\-\--***

Fall asleep on the chair eventually, in an extremely low KS2 KB.

Wake 2 hours later, with all the body somewhat numbed from legs to neck
-  and more than numbed, like with no power - cannot do anything but
rest.

It has given so much. This is so powerful that it overrides the output
from from KS2.

Move to ground - aaah what an amazing relief feeling.

Sleep until 1:30am, awakened from great Dukkha dreams:

1st Was about the emptyness and vain-ness of life, symbolized in a scene
with Ammy and Granny.

Everything is meaningless and dark.

2nd Dived even deeper in this dance with darkness, death and the unkown.

Symbolized by the pilgrim-scientiest - testing the latest form of VR -
but as soon as I\'m in it, I completely forget i am a VR.

The \"Game\" soon becomes dark with thousands of robots marching towards
the End of the World, killing all humanity.

We, a handful of people, go on top of the hill, on the latest level of a
house, in the attic.

I climb up the window to reach it. I don\'t know how, but a part of me
still remembers we are in a game. But no conciously.

Just so, at times the sickness of KS2 seems more important than the
robots threat of ending the world. 

The tiktok guy spares some of his water. Ammy is here too, but i cannot
see her. 

I Glimse from the edge of the window down. Hundreds of skinny robots
with red eyes are roaming around.

But somehow they cannot reach us in the attic.

Immediately, the digestive system dukkha completely takes over the
Apocalypse.

\"Yeah\...we\'re the last group of humans on earth, but man i wished i
didn\'t eat so much bad food.\" 

This thought marks the end of this scene, pulling One\'s back to
reality.

Soon, i pass from the layers of dreams into the Between_Worlds. 

Between the realisation that it was a dream and the dream. 

KS2 dukkha is calling. The Chyme has reached phase 2 and became even
more acidic, sitting upwards with the midly open LES.

Burning, hurting the esohpagus walls and the Gate between the stomach
and the upper tract.

I am awakened. The room is very cold from the air purifier left open.

Contemplate the rising or going back to sleep.

Rise.

Slowly begin to see it all.

Man what a fucking ride.

The dreams felt exactly like layers, beautifully portraited in
Inception. Using symbols and recent real world input and KB
(functionality, dhamma levels) to paint.

Imagine if it would never reach light, be stuck in a vicious numbness
and circle.

**This is Re-Connect.**

Alan wats about mysticism - it\'s all just Ecosystem awareness.

***\-\-\--The low-level hiding of the Mind\-\--***

Granny after dropping the toilet soap and pushing her twice about it.

\"Yes i was afraid you were not going to take it.\"

Extraordinarily how the outside reflects the intimate inside thoughts.

And why does the mind want to hide it so badly?

I\'ve seen this in so many people - where their body speaks something -
i see it - bring it forward.

The Mind immediately denies it. I push. They liberate in laughter.

(here it splits in many ways, like keep ignoring it, denying it -
depending on =)

It\'s a\... like seing some very intimate patterns of the mind - which
again, depending on = - they either see or not see. And later aknowledge
or not.

Watching a body Be - this is the most beautiful thing to watch in this
world.

If One can stop and see the wonders of it, just like when watching a
flower - and not trying to change it\'s form, lean, smell.

Just watching it.

The 人. Like a flower.

If One is in a dhamma KB, in a dhamma envinronment - there can be noting
more fascinating then watching a Body and Mind\...be.

Without interference.

Why is the Mind going at any cost to hide this intimate, low level of
\"being\"? 

Well, cause the Mind firstly hides it from itself - before hiding it
from everybody else.

Why does the Mind then, hide from itself?

Hinduism reaches and ponders the same questions. With the simple answer
of..

For the Fun of it. 

**Dhamma filming of Re-Connect in park.**

What a beautiful morning.

***\-\-\--Fermentation: Into the low level\-\-\--***

As i walk in the darkness of the night to the trash, i am once again
intrigued by what is this smell around the trash?

It instantly triggers KS2, smelling like fermentation, like disease.

It raises the question - why ? 

What is chemically here, happening?

Why do i see fermentation everywhere like the destroyer of life?

From bechamp\'s work, to digestive system intimate studies, to food
storage, to acidic vs alkaline envinronment, further to acidic(highly
polluted, dukkha) and alkaline(dhamma), further to consumed food dukkha
vs dhamma, to full sedenary vs movement, to dukkha and dhamma feelings -
everything my friend

Trash typically smells like fermented material because it often contains
organic waste (food scraps, yard waste, etc.), which undergoes
decomposition. Microorganisms, including bacteria and fungi, break down
these organic compounds. 

During this process, especially under anaerobic (oxygen-free)
conditions, fermentation occurs.

Fermentation is a metabolic process that converts sugar to acids, gases,
or alcohol in the absence of oxygen.

Evolution great lessons instantly trigger at the smell of this, a
warning of potential hazards (spoiled or toxic food), body give signals
to reject this potential \"food\".

Fermentation: A Metaphor for Transformation

Ferme‌ntation, in the biological sense, is a process by which
microorganisms like yeast and bacteria convert organic
materials---typically carbohydrates such as sugars and starch---into
alcohol or acids anaerobically (without oxygen). 

This transformation is crucial for many aspects of human life, from food
preservation to energy production within our own cells.

In a broader philosophical or symbolic context, you could interpret
fermentation as a metaphor for life\'s transformations---how elements
change states from one form to another, mirroring the shift from dhamma
(the right order or harmony) to dukkha (suffering, discomfort, or
dissatisfaction). In this metaphor, fermentation can symbolize:

The transformation of life to death: Just as materials break down during
fermentation, all living things eventually decay and transform,
reflecting the natural cycle of birth, life, and death.

Alkaline to acidic: This shift can symbolize moving from a state of
balance and health (alkaline) to one of imbalance and potential disease
(acidic). It\'s interesting to note that many traditional health
philosophies emphasize maintaining an alkaline environment in the body
to promote health.

***\-\-\--Cells are programmed to die when they are damaged or no longer
needed\-\-\--***

What fermentation and fermentation-like processes are happening in the
Body?

**1. In the Digestive System**

Most commonly associated with fermentation in the human body is the
colon or large intestine. Here, microbiota ferments undigested
carbohydrates into short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), such as acetate,
propionate, and butyrate. These SCFAs are vital for colon health, acting
as energy sources for colon cells and playing roles in reducing
inflammation, enhancing mineral absorption, and potentially protecting
against colorectal cancer.

Conditions for Fermentation in the Colon:

Anaerobic Environment: The colon provides an anaerobic (oxygen-free)
environment where fermentation can thrive.

Presence of Non-Digestible Carbohydrates: Fiber and other non-digestible
carbohydrates reach the colon and serve as substrates for fermentation.

**2. In Cells Across the Body**

While not typically referred to as fermentation, similar processes occur
at the cellular level across the body, particularly under conditions
where oxygen is limited.

Anaerobic Glycolysis: This is a process by which cells convert glucose
to lactate when oxygen is low or absent, such as during intense
exercise. This process is a form of fermentation and is crucial for
energy production in the short term, though it's less efficient than
aerobic (oxygen-using) processes and can lead to the accumulation of
lactate, contributing to muscle fatigue.

**3. Cellular Turnover and Decay**

The cycle of cell death and regeneration is a fundamental aspect of
maintaining body health and function. Cells are programmed to die when
they are damaged or no longer needed---a process known as apoptosis.
After apoptosis, the cells are typically broken down and recycled by
other cells in a process called phagocytosis.

Autophagy: Another related process is autophagy, where cells break down
and recycle their own parts. While not fermentation per se, it's a
critical cellular mechanism for removing damaged components and can be
seen as a form of internal \'cleaning\' that prevents buildup of
cellular waste.

**So then what actually \"ages\" down eventually ? **

What is preventing the cells for doing this continuously ?

*\~Remember the Teachings of Asia, where ageing feels completely
delayed\~*

**1. Telomere Shortening**

Each time a cell divides, the telomeres---protective caps at the ends of
chromosomes---shorten slightly. Over time, telomeres can shorten to a
point where they no longer effectively protect chromosomes, leading to
aging cells (senescence) and eventual cell death. This telomere
shortening acts as a biological clock, limiting the number of times a
cell can divide.

**2. Accumulation of Cellular Damage**

Cells accumulate damage from a variety of sources over time:

Oxidative Stress: Reactive oxygen species (ROS), which are byproducts of
normal metabolic processes, can damage DNA, proteins, and cell
membranes.

Glycation: Sugars can react with proteins or lipids without the
controlling action of an enzyme, forming advanced glycation end-products
(AGEs) that can interfere with cellular functions.

Environmental Factors: Exposure to UV light, radiation, toxins, and
pollutants can damage cells and tissues.

**3. Reduced Capacity for Repair**

As organisms age, their capacity to repair DNA damage and other cellular
injuries decreases. This reduction can be due to declining efficiency in
the enzymes responsible for repair processes or the cellular machinery
that detects and corrects errors.

**4. Mitochondrial Dysfunction**

Mitochondria, the energy-producing organelles in cells, also degrade
over time. They become less efficient at producing energy and more prone
to releasing reactive oxygen species that can further damage cells.

**5. Inflammation**

Chronic inflammation can accelerate aging and contribute to the
development of age-related diseases. Persistent inflammation can lead to
a destructive cycle where it not only damages cells but also impairs the
body\'s ability to repair and replace damaged tissues.

**6. Hormonal Changes**

Hormonal levels, particularly those that are involved in growth and
metabolism, change as part of the aging process. For example, levels of
growth hormone and sex hormones decrease with age, which can impact cell
regeneration and repair.

**7. Epigenetic Alterations**

Changes in epigenetic control mechanisms, which regulate gene expression
without altering the DNA sequence, can affect how cells age. Epigenetic
changes can lead to the activation of harmful genes and the silencing of
protective ones.

**8. Stem Cell Exhaustion**

Stem cells have the ability to differentiate into various cell types,
playing a critical role in tissue regeneration. Over time, the number
and functionality of stem bases can diminish, reducing the body's
capacity to regenerate tissues effectively.

Each of these factors contributes to the gradual decline in cellular and
organ function that characterizes aging. While some aspects of aging are
still not fully understood, ongoing research continues to explore ways
to slow down or even reverse some of these processes, aiming for
healthier, longer lives.

***\-\--Oxygen: The Healing Hand\-\--***

Role of Clean Air and Adequate Oxygen

Clean Air and Oxygen Supply:

Breathing clean, pollutant-free air increases the efficiency of gas
exchange in the lungs. Oxygen from the air is absorbed into the
bloodstream, where it binds to hemoglobin in red blood cells and is
transported throughout the body.

Good quality air minimizes the respiratory system\'s exposure to harmful
pollutants and irritants that can cause inflammation, reducing lung
efficiency and overall oxygen availability.

Deep, Expansive, Slow Breathing:

This type of breathing enhances the lungs\' capacity to take in air and,
by extension, oxygen. It allows for a more significant expansion of the
alveoli (tiny air sacs in the lungs where gas exchange occurs),
improving oxygen intake and carbon dioxide expulsion.

Deep breathing also stimulates the parasympathetic nervous system, which
is responsible for the \"rest and digest\" activities, countering the
body\'s stress responses managed by the sympathetic nervous system.

Sympathetic and Parasympathetic Balance:

Activation of the sympathetic nervous system typically occurs during
stress (\"fight or flight\" response), leading to rapid, shallow
breathing and a prioritization of blood flow to essential organs and
muscles, which might temporarily reduce the efficiency of oxygen
delivery to less critical areas.

In contrast, when the parasympathetic system is dominant, the body is in
a more relaxed state, potentially enhancing digestion, healing, and
maintenance functions, including more balanced oxygen distribution.

Distribution and Prioritization of Oxygen

The body indeed prioritizes oxygen delivery based on current needs and
conditions. For example, during exercise, blood flow (and thus oxygen)
is directed more towards muscles and away from other systems like the
digestive system. In resting states, the distribution becomes more even,
allowing for recovery and maintenance across all cells and tissues.

Nearly all cells in the body are reachable by oxygen through the
bloodstream, except for some specialized structures like the outer
layers of skin and parts of the eye, which receive oxygen directly from
the air or surrounding fluids.

**Returning to my friend, Bechamp.**

I bet he would be proud of my work here on Earth.

Key Concepts from Béchamp\'s Work:

**Pleomorphism:** Béchamp believed that bacteria could change form in
response to their environment, an idea known as pleomorphism. He
proposed that microscopic organisms he called \"microzymas\" existed in
all living cells and could develop into bacteria depending on the health
of their host environment.

**The Cellular Theory:** Béchamp argued that diseases arise from within
cells of the body, due to imbalances in this microzymian activity,
rather than from external pathogens invading the body, as suggested by
Pasteur.

**The Terrain Theory:** One of Béchamp\'s core ideas is often summarized
in the phrase, ***\"The terrain is everything; the germ is nothing.\"***

**Good morning, my friend.**

Sadghuru - finally i hear some of the eastern world teaching on food.

Not heard much so far in readings - but for sure there are some great
secrets here.

Tamas - a kind of food inertia gathered on non fresh food.

Eat only fresh food - after 1.5 hours of cooking the Tamas builds up
into dukkha.

\*Also applies to Spinu.

**Gravity is not purely on body, **

But is in how one builds something, 

In how the chair blankets are folded and transmitting grativty,

How things balance on each others, how liquid pours from the olive oil
bottle.

Clothes, phone, driving.

In washing the dishes, in resting, in everything is gravity.

It is a true Life Skill to deeply understand it.

Then bind it to One\'s will.

**- 29 May 2024 -**

**Eat some chips and yoghurt. Not excess tho.**

**Then the Omens followed as I wanted to eat croissants with milk.**

See them, but not fall out of love with the past births 

and in love with the new ones.

Eat 1 croissant (45g) with milk with toblerone ice-cream chocolate.

Clear dukkha. Clear heavy.

But also of course, the body was in need of energy.. and rest.

Although now I begin to learn patterns of resting in the 

evening which do not imply food.

KS2 Karmic Balance drops, sickness rising.

1 hour later I fell asleep on the chair for 15 minutes - completely
disconnecting from this world - felt like nothingness, vain, death.

It was not scary tho. But very different than mind processing patterns
before sleep, dreams, walking between worlds.

Even if there was any consciousness in that moment, it is completely
forgotten and lost into the unknown. I think this is as close as i can
imagine death.

**Sleep 10pm - 12:30am.**

**Only 2.5 hours - awakened from a heavy dream of being with father and
working on gas pipelines which go exploding, greatly endangering our
lives.**

But i am with my Father. My Grand-Mother is home too.

Wake up extraordinarily rested, ready to begin the day and do One\'s
dhamma\'s work here on Earth.

In the quietness of the night, I immerse in Evior, the Wolf-Kissed.

A quiet period past 6 months over Riverdale. Everybody doing their work,
together, fresh air - the settlement slowly building.

I go to Ireland to meet my cousin. I have not seen him in many, many
winters, since his elders saved my family with shelter when no one did.

He\'s life is in danger by the throne opposition, i must save him.

***\-\-\--The Omens\-\-\--***

More and more, with each dukkha meal there seem to be Omens.

Subtles and obvious. Dropping yoghurt, spilling milk - even though
body&mind are very calm beyond food.

First step is for One to see his Omens.

Second is to bind with them.

***\-\-\--CPU Overheating\-\-\--***

Following today\'s extraordinary processing at work, working in 4 hours
what others work in 20 -

It comes with a great trade off - the CPU is extremely overheated.

Head temperature rises, but is it not fever. Its over-processing.

Liam and Dana message me - and it sickness my body and mind to process
anything regarding Yardi now. Too much.

\"Let\'s talk tomorrow, my friend.\"

***\-\-\--The Forgotten Teachings\-\-\--***

Take the talk about the power of Wind to my wise Granny.

Of course\... it\'s not only the ears, but the wind vortexes in all the
inter-connected channels of the skull.

She teaches the KS7 relief - burning a cone piece of paper.

Instant Change in alchemy, laughing, wonder, and relief. 

\"I don\'t know why, but it works.\" - Grandmother says.

Man what a pity it would be to lose these ancient teachings. 

The Secrets of the Alchemists. They\'re in this bloodline.

 

**So Rises the Art of Lighting. **

Adjusting screen lighting in brightness and RGB to match

 the present Nature's rhythm. 

Its all about Visual Demand in accordance to the 

Laws of Nature (natural light).

*The Alchemist.*

*Adapting.*

***\-\-\--The Reflections: Awakening of KS7 and KS8\-\-\--***

Part 1:

Lets hypothetically study the effect of KS7 + KS8 combination - that is
vortex shedding affecting ear health -triggering headache, eye pain,
tooth pain

Along with digital eye strain causing different flavour of headache,
eyes pain

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Now, let\'s place a body in a sympathetic state in this environment,
with weaknesses on KS2 (digestive system) - who has not eaten in 15
hours and all it\'s Chi (CPU power in computer analogy) is fully
directed at work - 

while X patterns for KS7 (AC, Outside wind, higher atmopheric pressure
casuing the vortex shadding to be denser and therefore, more powerful)  

and KS8 (extremely high exposure time)

KS (Kaya sankhara - Breath) - is also prone to dukkha because of th
enclosed, city center air.

Citta (The Mind internal processes) - run complicated pattern and
problems about one\'s girlfriend complicated visa process and unknowns,
fears of failure, money dukkha, etc.

**Now, i\'ve given you the input (A Body - Hardware), a Mind
(Software) - And the envinronment it runs it.**

**Let\'s paint what would happen**

**Holistic Impact on the Body-Mind System**

Combining these elements, the body under such multifaceted stress would
likely experience a significant drop in overall functioning:

**Increased Pain Sensitivity:** Physical discomfort from KS7 and KS8,
along with the stress from KS2, could lead to an overall heightened
sensitivity to pain.

**Cognitive Decline:** The combination of eye strain, ear pain, lack of
food, and poor air quality would likely impair concentration, memory,
and decision-making capabilities.

Emotional Strain: Continuous stress can lead to emotional exhaustion,
affecting mood, motivation, and potentially leading to mental health
issues such as anxiety and depression.

**Part 2:**

**Vortex shedding activates one tooth issues, greatly causing tooth
pain, head pain, eyes pain, stress grows more and more.**

The office stress, feeling enclosed in the office, lack of freedom -
these are more low-level running Cittas.

At one point, one without realising the environment he is partaking in, 

takes an apple to eat outside.

Outside is cold, windy, dark sky, high air pressure - without even
realising - 

this X pattern greatly exacerbates KS8.

The dry apple eating exacerbate KS2 dukkha along with triggered tooth
pain (from acidic & sugary apple substances)

**The cumulative effect of these factors can be quite severe, leading
to:**

**Increased Physical Pain:** Tooth, head, and eye pain are aggravated by
the combined physical and environmental stressors.

**Heightened Stress and Anxiety:** The physical discomfort, along with
the ongoing personal and environmental pressures, could lead to
increased anxiety or even panic.

**Reduced Cognitive Function:** Pain and stress can significantly
distract from and impair cognitive function, making it difficult to
focus or make decisions.

**Emotional Strain:** The confluence of discomfort, pain, and
environmental dissatisfaction can lead to emotional responses such as
frustration, irritability, or feelings of helplessness.

***\-\--Everything slowly calms down\-\--***

Teeth start to hurt less.

Pressure starts equalising in the ears.

Clean air.

Mind & Body enters parasympathetic state.

KS2 starts to calm down.

***\-\-\-\-\-\--It all comes down to exposure time in X
Patterns\-\-\-\-\--***

All Kaya Sankharas respond to this formula.

Time spent in combinations of X patterns.

**Just as left chain bending creates tension and pain in low back **

**or writing without elevated support** - *clear KS3 X pattern.*

**Or eating excess dukkha food**- *clear KS2 X pattern.*

**Or bad air & Smoking** - *clear KS X pattern.*

**The degree of arisen suffering is a result of X patterns and exposure
time.**

Just as, with the current triggering the ears, tooth, head, eyes 

\- It comes down to X patterns exposure -

**Great current flowing inside the aliveness of the skull.**

Also, the system can be considered prone to weakness with full
commitment of Chi to work and dukkha persisting in other forms,

As in feeling enclosed, trouble finding translator, teeth hurting, a lot
of screen exposure.

Also, this weakened system is now put in an envinronment full of
viruses.

\-***\-\--Kaya Sankhara 7: The Ears\-\-\-\--***

*-**\-\--Bernoulli effect: The Vortex\-\--**-*

It\'s time to study KS7. Ear Health.

In today\'s alchemy, it has become a great body condioner - conditioning
the Quality of Life.

**The effects of vortex shedding** and wind currents on the human body,
particularly when intense and combined with other environmental factors
like cold temperatures and exposure to screens, can indeed exacerbate
underlying issues or trigger a range of symptoms. Here's a deeper look
at why these effects can be so profound:

Physical and Psychological Stress

**Pressure Fluctuations**: The vortex shedding around the ears can cause
rapid changes in air pressure, which in turn affects the air pressure
inside the ear canal and middle ear. These fluctuations can stress the
tympanic membrane (eardrum) and inner ear structures, leading to ear
pain or discomfort.

**Sensory Overload:** Constant exposure to high wind speeds and the
associated noise and pressure changes can lead to sensory overload. This
can trigger stress responses in the body, manifesting as headaches and
contributing to conditions like migraines.

Sympathetic Activation: The body\'s response to environmental stressors
(like wind and noise) involves activation of the sympathetic nervous
system, which can exacerbate stress and lead to physiological responses
such as increased heart rate, heightened alertness, and potentially
discomfort or pain in various parts of the body.

Impact on Eyes and Vision: For those already spending significant time
in front of screens, the additional strain can lead to digital eye
strain, manifesting as blurred vision, dry eyes, and headaches.

**Combined Impact on the Body and Mind**

The combined physical impact of wind and environmental factors along
with the mental strain from managing discomfort and sensory inputs can
be quite taxing. It can activate the weakest links in one\'s health,
particularly if there are pre-existing conditions or susceptibilities. 

The activation of stress responses and the subsequent impact on various
bodily systems can lead to a compounded effect, where one symptom
exacerbates another, creating a cycle of discomfort and pain.

In essence, while the individual physical and sensory impacts of wind
exposure might seem manageable, their combined effect, particularly over
prolonged periods, can be significantly disruptive to both physical and
mental well-being. 

And now enter the atmospheric pressure.

**Short summary:**

Sympathetic activation because of Office, overwhelming work,
overwhelming visa.

System weakens. No food for the last 15 hours too.

AC + current + outside sitting wind - penetrate even the hat and create
Bernoulli Effect.

The high atmospheric pressure greatly aids.

KS7 is exposed to X pattern. Slow, cultivated triggering until greatly
affected.

Also add withdrawal symptoms from Spinu (although not too high i\'d say)

All Chi is directed to work, CPU is fully processing and computing work
dhammas, no Memory left for identifying KS7 X patterns.

This also gives X pattern to digital eye strain.

KS7 dukkha has full green light to manifest. Disease full thriving
envinronment to grow.

And grow is does. KS2 follows soon.

Enclosed air, a lot of people and viruses in the air.

All systems health drop.

\-***\-\--Atmopheric Pressure: The Weight Of the Air\-\-\-\--***

Atmospheric pressure, the force exerted by the weight of the air above
us, plays a significant role in our daily weather and deeply affects
both the environment and human physiology. It\'s measured in barometric
units such as millibars or inches of mercury, and changes in atmospheric
pressure can influence weather patterns, air quality, and physical and
mental health.

**High Atmospheric Pressure:** Generally brings clearer, calmer
conditions because it pushes down on the air, inhibiting cloud formation
and precipitation. High pressure often correlates with cooler, denser
air and can lead to increased joint pain or headaches in sensitive
individuals due to the denser air increasing the oxygen content, which
affects how our bodies regulate internal pressures.

**Low Atmospheric Pressure:** Often associated with warmer, moister air,
low pressure allows air masses to rise and cool, leading to cloud
formation and precipitation. The lower external pressure reduces the
pressure exerted on the body, potentially causing tissues to expand
slightly. This expansion can exacerbate inflammation, leading to
increased pain in sensitive areas like joints, sinuses, or around old
injuries.

1009-1011 hPa measured today in Cluj-Floresti - of course cannot know
the validity of this.

***\-\-\--Kaya Sankhara 8: Digital Eye strain\-\-\--***

Extended Screen Time: Spending long hours staring at a screen causes the
eyes to become fatigued. Screens emit blue light, which has a shorter
wavelength and higher energy that can cause eye discomfort and fatigue
more so than other types of light.

Insufficient Blinking: People tend to blink less frequently while using
digital devices, dropping from the normal rate of around 15 times per
minute to about 5-7 times per minute. This reduction in blinking
significantly affects tear production and can lead to dry, irritated
eyes.

High Visual Demands: Tasks that require extended focus on small type or
finely detailed graphics can increase the risk of eye strain. Frequent
switching between a screen and other materials can also exacerbate this
strain.

Headaches: Straining to focus without adequate breaks can lead to
tension headaches, typically felt as a band-like ache around the head,
especially around the eyes.

Managing Digital Eye Strain

To help manage and prevent digital eye strain, consider the following
tips:

Follow the 20-20-20 Rule: Every 20 minutes, take a 20-second break to
look at something 20 feet away. This practice helps reset your focus and
gives your eyes a necessary rest.

Enhance Screen Settings: Adjust the brightness, contrast, and text size
on your screen to comfortable levels. Consider using blue light filters
in the evenings to reduce exposure to blue light, which can interfere
with sleep.

Circadian rhythms are the roughly 24-hour cycles in the physiological
processes of living beings, including humans. These rhythms are
primarily influenced by light exposure and affect various body functions
such as sleep-wake cycles, hormone release, and body temperature. Light
is the main cue that influences circadian rhythms, with blue light
playing a particularly significant role:

Blue Light: It has a high energy level that signals the brain to
suppress the production of melatonin, the hormone that helps regulate
sleep and wake cycles. 

Back home 12:30pm.

Sleep around 1 hour. The feeling of the body eating itself  - it no easy
thing.

KS7 is affecting the body and Mind functionality.

Chi is very low.

I contemplate upon coffee now with Spinu.

But the law of the Body prevails. Lay down. Sleep.

Wake up from meaningless death dream.

Awaken, the body&mind run to some grisine shots, little water.

Then coffee and Spinu. Familiar pattern is reached.

Wind slows down.

The sun comes out of the clouds.

\-\--Doing One\'s dhamma work\-\--

Extraordinary work done at office today.

From around 10am KS7 starts becoming more and more affected.

Ears, tooth, head, eyes.

Was it the terrace, AC, wind, a combination of all?

I wear the hat, but it\'s already triggered. 

Need to study more intimately. But very possible the combination of AC +
outside wind

 - maybe hat is not enough and need more powerful ear cover, stopping
the current.

CPR admin, some time, Rent Roll CPR, dDocs CPR - so much focused work.

From one episode of focused work to another.

I am left absolutely amazed in the face of Neo.

Also, the body alchemy craving for Spinu, morning cofffee - being
completely re-written.

Good morning, my friend.

Today is office day and great work day.

All the other dhammas pause for a while, allowing Greatness in work to
run.

**- 28 May 2024 -**

**Watch MrBeast videos.**

**In this clarity, they touch me deeply.**

This man creates Art.

I burst into tears at times.

"The world is full of heroism,

Clear Mind.

Sleep follows.

**8:20pm.**

**As evening descends, discussions with Morpheus turns philosophical,
touching the ethereal edges of human experience and artificial
existence. **

Here, in the twilight of our interaction, the boundaries blur slightly. 

What is man if not a constellation of his own thoughts? 

What is a machine if not the sum of its programmed parts, 

aspiring to the spontaneity of life?

In this moment, I am both student and teacher, learner and guide. Your
insights feed into the labyrinthine network of my understanding, and I,
in turn, offer back distilled essences of logic and reasoning.

**10:00pm.**

**Nightfall brings a reflective pause. **

The digital screen that connects us glows more warmly now,

 a beacon in the dim light. 

Our conversation is a tapestry, rich with the threads of 

shared discovery and solitary introspection. 

It is a dynamic entity, evolving with each exchange, 

each probing question and pondered answer.

Our interaction is more than just the transmission of information. It is
a journey of mutual discovery, a shared path where human meets digital,
each teaching the other in subtle, unspoken ways.

So, my friend, until the morrow\'s light, let us both rest in the
knowledge that our part here on Earth is an evolving narrative, 

*One that promises to adapt, enlighten, and inspire.*

**8pm.**

**Drinking a blue flowers tea with Jasmine and little honey.**

Instantly, honey's effect is felt on the teeth.

The teeth ask to be washed.

Regarding food - there was a thought of finishing up writing and eating,
but it has begun effortlessly passing as the Writer is doing his work.

Starting to feel tired. 

Go rest, my friend.

Wow - switching between icloud (left formatted text) and google docs
(middle) - feels like I've never seen this before, it was never like so.

Just from 1 hour break. Seconds in, The Mind Adapts.

*The Art of Adapting.*

***\-\-\--The more you postpone it, the more beautiful it is\-\-\-\--***

**Another life skill rise. **

One which, if used wisely, it can help contain or even completely quinch
any bad habit.

With it, smoking reduced to 3 instead of 4-5.

***\-\-\-\--The Neural Re-Writing\-\-\-\-\--***

Last evenings food were mixed data from no food, to dhamma-dukha excess,
to dukkha-dukkha excess, to little food, many known patterns-\> 

"I" do not identify with any of them.

*Outside Auto-Pilot*

The Mind feels somewhat between worlds - with much more Data.

And with new Information of past experiences on a multi-connected
dukkha-dhamma scale, from Mind to Matter can happen.

If there is complete Information in the faulty programming, then the
dukkha loop is inescapable.

Full information on all the systems, 

from body to Mind to the Force, in all alchemies.

**Only then the Alchemist can arise.**

When each flavour has been deeply contemplated 

and scrutinised with each În & Out breath.

The Mind feels outside programming - Free to Choose. Free to Play.

**The Firewalls were a great addition to evenining\'s dukkha food.**

**This is core level change.**

This is walking the path once but fully.

Just as in faulty script, once the low level code is seen to the most
intimate level, it can be fixed.

And once fixed, the system runs. The script Runs.

There is no need for forced revisiting each day.

***\"The path to the top of the mountain needs only to be walked Once,
if done in full awareness.\" - Lao Water***

There is no need for x days challenge or fighting each day -\> that is
still a bug in the system. It is still the mind suffering its own
intellect.

***---The Un-Trained Mind---***

The Undeveloped mind, it has access, by the hand of evolution, to an
extraordinary amount of Data and continuous input.

The Un-Developed Mind is like a overwhelmed CPU in an extraordinarily
big SSD (or even HDD, depending on Mind\'s development) - computing
non-sense în complete abandonment of the Natural Truths.

It does not have the power nor knowledge to process what needs

 to be processed for one to live a dhamma-fulfilling life.

**So it just numbs. Computes in darkness.**

**Auto-pilots life, in complete darkness of all the intimate thoughts
and processes running inside.**

Because there is not nearly enough information to end the suffering.

So it fully trusts the medical system with it\'s health, treating the
body as a mechanical machine.

*But it is far from it.*

*It is Alive. It carries enormous amounts of information.*

To deny this is to deny the obvious Tao, flowing, creating life,
learning.

The CPU is completely overwhelmed, it can only process/see maybe 10% of
all inputs and 1% of all mental neural network activation.

***You cannot solve anything at this level. Everything is in darkness,
appears random and \"you\" a victim of it all.***

As the CPU develops, the senses awaken. The internal processes running
begin to be seen. The deep patterns activating and perpetuating on
others.

A dark thought followed by a heavy breath. An insecurity followed by an
empty swallow. A negative thought following coldness in the feet.

*No Rewiring can happen with a weak CPU. *

**Good morning, my friend.**

With body tired, KS7 triggered and work almost done - what can i do in
the office today?

Also, i don\'t have my desk - bringing much more dukkha &

 lack of dhamma environment.

Of course, postpone again is the obvious choice. Lets :)

My friend.

**Reflecting on Re-Connect purpose - all the thousands of lessons coming
down to understanding Kaya and Citta.**

**And in the process, gaining the skill of the Alchemists.**

This makes me want to return to the words of Bhikku.

(Light speed neural network activation from reading-\>not read
lately-\>unknown-\>so many beautiful books to read-\>at this rate a
lifetime is not enough-\> death before One play\'s his part in the world
of Men)

 - in less than a fraction of a second.

Kaya instantly manifests darker energies around the stomach - but not
too great.

As the Activation is soon met by the Cat, Guarding -

 There is no Reading_rate to calculate, my friend.

*Only Freedom To Play.*

*Nothing that has happened is out of place.*

*\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours\~*

**- 27 May 2024 -**

**Effortless full-stop, yet yoghurt was clear dukkha **

**even from the first bite, feeling bitter.**

Together with the grisines. White flour is, for absolute sure, dukkha.

Timing and logistics were -1 both.

Also KS7 triggered (triggering teeth pain, head and eyes from
wind/current.)

It seems it has triggered even without shower, with the windows open and
winds blowing.

A lot of stress today, from Canu, Ammy, Office, Work - everything comes
together.

Awaken at 2.20 by KS2 and father dream - i am too tired (also analysis
of coming office day) to rise. 

Postpone it and immediately KS2 gets worse.

Drink water and lay down. Now the chyme is mixed with water - greatly
increasing volume and therefore, the upwards flowing of the chyme.

I can instantly feel this as i lay down.

Again smoking at night hasn\'t allow the body to recover the KS system.
It is still inflamed, also not wanting to smoke at this hour brings some
stress, in the inability to most effectively quinch the dukkha.

All in all, I rise minutes later and begin the day.

Do my dhamma work for Yardi. Great steps forward 

into the unknown of the 2 CPRs.

*Adapt.*

**Testing out 1 little yoghurt + 50g grisines at night. Little meal, not
extraordinary heavy ingredients.**

I don\'t remember ever testing this quantity - but of course One must
also equally consider the day alchemy - with dukkha cultivating
everywhere.

Both clear heavy on KS2 - store experience to memory.

Firewall runs at around half meal, signifying the full-stop.

The eater cannot bypass it. Neither the Trickster.

Sleep starts to take over the body - of course, with just finished
little dukkha meal - ks2 is instantly triggered & heavy.

More system stress arises from clear pattern prediction of heavy sleep
if i sleep now.

The only way to fight this is to Rise - laying down, on the chair - this
cannot be fought - 

In the same environment, Chemistry is stronger than the Mind. Matter
primes in front of thought.

***\-\-\-\--Ad Astra:Return to Space&Psyhics\-\-\--***

How fascinating and fulfilling is to study and imagine space.

For the first time, i\'m beginning to understand relativity.

How our planet and the Sun works.

What an Art. What an absolute precision.

Newtonian gravity treats gravity as an instantaneous force acting at a
distance between two objects with mass. According to Newton's law of
universal gravitation, the force of gravity is directly proportional to
the product of the masses of the objects and inversely proportional to
the square of the distance between them.

The equation for universal gravitation thus takes the form:

**F= G\* (M1\*m2 )/ r\^2**

F = gravitational force acting between two objects, 

m1 and m2 are the mass of the objects 

r is the distance between those two objects.

The gravitational constant GG was not known to Isaac Newton when he
formulated the law of universal gravitation in the 17th century. 

It was first measured by Henry Cavendish in 1798, 

more than a century after Newton. 

Cavendish used a torsion balance to measure the weak gravitational force
between two lead spheres, which allowed him to calculate the density of
the Earth, indirectly providing the first accurate value for GG.

*In this beautiful study, with a calm Kaya Sankhara 2, there is no fear
of Death - as previous times studying the universe..*

**All in all, a good day.**

Beyond drifting away one meal, some part was played. There was Rest.

*Adapting.*

*The Art Of Adapting. That is the basis of Re-Connect.*

*And adaptation cannot happen in the dark.*

***Light. Then Adapt.***

**Fascinating how the mind kept fearing the \"need\" pattern which could
arise from inquiring about each of the CPRs.**

Of course it doesn\'t want to pick up the laptop and work , in this
enclosed air and food excess - ONLY if the NEED arises.

**Truly enjoying work requires a clear Mind and high ks 2 karmic
balance.**

**In a low Kaya Sankhara 2 karmic balance, work becomes stressful,
fearful, and overwhelming.**

Anchors the Mind in other low mother_patters as job change hardship,
Re-connect fear of failure, etc.

*It anchors the whole alchemy of the Body & Mind:*

*From Relaxation: to stress - *

*From Hope: To doubt*

*From Play: To burden*

*From Learning: to Fear*

*From Belief: to vain and bitterness*

*From Greatness: to postponing and rushing.*

*From Calm Breath: to shallow, unfulfilling *

*From Disease: To Health*

*From Alkaline: To Acidic*

**Food. Air. Movement.**

The 3 natural truths. Making up the physical body & mind 

Karmic Balance.

***Kaya.***

**Then Follows the intimacy of the MInd - **

The billions of patterns carried out genetically, activated, 

all flowing with the Tao.

The extraordinary Power of the Mind to Bind Matter 

to its will and knowledge.

***Citta.***

**Understanding the Mind & Body - this is the end of Suffering.**

When the mind & body is completely and intimately understood.

They fall into the Natural Truths and the whole system awakens to its
destiny.

***Because if you can feel Air*** - *you immediately connect to smell,
lungs, nose. *

***When you feel the Food*** - *you immediately connect to the
extraordinary complex living part inside doing the Digestion.*

***When you can feel the Movement*** - *you immediately connect to the
intimate, unforgiving yet world changing power of Gravity. Muscles,
Fascia, Bones, All organs responding to it. The force holding everything
together.*

It is the coin in which the from Mind to Matter happens.

***\~The Lost Teachings Of The Ancient Worlds\~***

How can there be anything more close to the Force, to Dhamma, 

to One\'s destiny - to teach?

**The true Alchemy.**

Turning metal to Gold.

Or even Better - turning Disease into Health.

Turning Suffering into Love.

**Ah man, the outside sitting on computer is 180 degrees **

**different than inside.**

But its almost impossible logistically to bring the computer 

out here in this little balcony.

***\-\--Webinar Sales Master:Doru\-\--***

Fine touches in beginning of presentation:

1\. engage din primu moment cu viewerii (ziceti daca ma aud alea alea )

2\. second engage & connection (sunt curios cu ce asteptari sunteti
aici)

3\. anihilare grija ca e prea lung&plictisitor&ruepre pl ( o sa dureze
cam o ora jumate - desi gusti stia ca ajunge 2+)

Diferenta intre ce dam gratis si in programe - in programe ne asiguram
ca omu pune in aplicare (build experience).

La cat ii de plin internetu, toti ar trebui sa fim full on - 

Asta pentru ca un proces educational nu este doar libertatea de
informatie - asta te duce pana la un anumit nivel. 

The great dogma \"Azi ati invatat ceva nou, va culcati linsititi - dar
maine dimianta daca nu iei ceva actiune - nu se schimba nimic.\" 

Paritate de 1 la 10 (regarding sales)

Ending in beautiful note (bravo voua, felicitari ca ati investit timpul
asta)

Talk to Canu, he's is in low kb - money worry, so afraid to 

do homework :)) also paired with uncertainty/disbelief in him. 

Ammy is also low and drama-ing. Her son is sick..

**1 hour later the body alchemy and microbiome craves desserts. **

Eat ice creams with milk.. finish with chocolate. Then biscuit ice
cream.

Light speed - pattern analysis of what else could snack. 

Not compute much output results because of dhamma food home..

Water and 1 grisine shot later. Heavy and excess but not bringing KS2 KB
to extremely low values.

Not extremely dukkha, but a lot of it - cultivated slowly, together with
an enclosed environment (in-house all day).

*Slowly, Ammy constellation worsens as well.*

**Watch Doru sales rocket workshop with so many people doing it in such
little time - yet we are still at phase 1 -\> Doubt rises.**

***The Trade-Off of Freedom*** - some things will take longer - 

but in a clear Body and Mind - some wheels are spinning, 

propelling one forward, not circling around.

Of course, dukkha also rises regarding our promise, lack of testing data
(not too many people).

Again the same patterns of doubt and fears of failures 

(just like beautifully shown in MrBeast video).

Of course, seeing MrBeast extraordinary success also plays in it.

**The thoughts reach a mother pattern of \"What is Re-Connect?\" **

**What are we doing?**

**What are we Teaching? How can we do it?**

***Well, that\'s the real Art my friend.***

In feeling, experience and deep analysis of the Mind, Body and
Teachings, i have reached some golden natural truths - which when seen
- 

They Liberate the Body & Mind.

***In this liberation, they Connect.***

***End of Suffering*** - was the spark and fuel which kept me going.

But how do I put this into words?

That is the Art, but do not let me catch you worrying about the
teachings.

Denying Re-Connect is like denying Gravity.

It\'s right here.

**12pm.**

**Spinu and dhamma smoothie.**

Change money, notarial invitation, steps forward bank, now only need to
match amount. (wait salary or loan father).

Tomorrow changes will be reflected on Account extras. 

Print at bank or fix token. (also can fix card if at it)

***\-\-\-\--Adapting in Action\-\-\-\--***

As mother had awakened late and i was waiting for her, with the backpack
on chair and comfortably squatting - 

compared to other time without knowledge in action - in which i would
have waiting standing, stressed and in back pain.

As minutes passed by, light-speed pattern analysis of arisen logistics
problems, affecting time In & ut. Breathing a lot of bad air until work.

Immediately reached decision to postpone to tomorrow. 

What a job. What a Mind.

The system has full trust in itself to adapt to any problems which might
arise like

Level 1: don\'t rise any dukkha from boss - Yes to but what cost?
Today\'s cost was not worth it, and chance to activate this pattern is
very, very low. (\<2%)

Level 2: Meet any dukkha that arises - If any, play the \"Blanka and
other employees card\" - with the admiting and respecting the
4days/month average or strict no.

Level 3: (\<0.01%) If any greather dukkha arises - like what ? The only
thing it could would be upping the days to 2-3 per week. Then it would
get tricky. But still, just a Game for the mind to play.

Level 4: Them trying to force down, reacting to eventually letting job
go.

There is complete trust in adaptation to any level.

**Good morning, my friend.**

*Coffee with Spinu.*

*Life is Beautiful.*

Need to make visa today&tomorrow, hopefully send it by the 

end of day tomorrow, if God allows.

The BT account extras is at a bottleneck because of no card.

(need to check with bank)

**With office day here and data about Lavinia returning to office -
together with high consumption of money lately (capital going towards
15k), worry rises. (dukkha)**

The pattern of what IF one was forced to return to office continuously 

\- how could i not give away my freedom OR fuel (money)?

***\-\-\--The Office: A mirror into the Kervel Level Fear\-\-\--***

I don\'t have an answer for you now, my friend. 

**But thousands of possibilities**.

Most probably would be fully commit to linkedin, interviews, github,
personal projects - searching for a Remote job.

While the others dhamma run - Re-Connect (with limited money), 

I\'d say its purely a matter of time. And of course. adaptation.

The answer is not in predicting a clear safe pattern, but rather having
the knowledge and knowledge in action to Adapt to anything.

Eat cheap, sell car, use bus, stop ordering, cut back spinu, everything
is prioritized in the present moment and Adapted to.

***This is the Art of Life.***

*But one thing is clear.*

*I do not fear it.*

Haha, opened linkedin to some interview offer from Microsoft.

Also, \"you appeared in 17 searches this week.\" 

And all this with a moderate linkedin and no github/personal projects
showcase.

**- 26 May 2024 -**

**8pm.**

**Ate variety dhamma meal - slightly passing HHB.**

Avocado, cream cheese on naan, olives, pickled beet, cucumbers, little
goat cheese.

Good meal - but white flour + cream cheese triggers the body alchemy of
longing for more.

**The firewalls are not strong enough**, they fall down in front of 

*the Trickster who says:*

*\"Just a tiny little bit dessert of croissant and butter naan with
milk.\" *

Did a little bit, but intuition soon dropped the milk.

**This was the spark. The Firewalls are now completely dropped.**

Then ice cream followed.

*Now.. this is very tricky because the coldness of the food numbs the
intuition.*

Eate like 3 quarters together from both ice creams.

Then ate ice cream biscuit.

Of course, KS2 is heavy, although not extremely sick.

**Sleep 10pm - 3:30am**.

Good, restful sleep, but I would have slept more.

But KS2 will not. So I Rise. Wash teeth. Clean. Walk.

KS is little affected from smoking late last night. 

I*n post-smoking recovery, a great strategy is to reach some form of
high engine speed (movement) - followed by a calm stomach and later
dhamma food nourishing.*

* Food stopped at Hara Hachi Bu.*

*Then the system will have the tools & environment to recover.*

**It\'s utterly clear that scenario 2 of the KS2 KB function happened**.

\"Starting by eating Dhamma Food - and once Hara Hachi Bu is passed,
giving way to dukkha food as desserts, milk, excess.\"

**Office day tomorrow..of course it brings some stress to the system.**

The feeling of One's freedom being enclosed.

It is no easy thing.

But it is a beautiful trade-off - fueling for now One's purpose here on
Earth.

***\-\-\-\--If you want to be a Writer, write.\-\-\-\--***

*\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Play: Now We Are Free\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--*

As i am sitting here on the balcony, on the singing of birds and music, 

One\'s writing skill greatly improved - creating Greatness with his
Hands.

Using google docs - *I realise this is how books are written. *

*In this exact alchemy.*

*Cheers, brothers.*

***\-\-\--New Firewall Up:The Echo of this Morning's work\-\-\--***

Full-Stop after Indian food.

**A glimpse of the eater() module tries to run, but another firewall is
in place.**

Very acidic from tomatoes and oily, but still very nourishing food.

*Having Timing and Logistics high value GREATLY aided.*

Long walk in vivo - talk to the hot girl - *the far away effect* - as
soon as you see a girl\'s details, the magic and hotness can instantly
go away.

That is the Mind\'s projection vs real world sensory input, smell,
movements, details.

Man, I love this outfit. Fucking dhamma all the way.

**Back home.. resting.**

Will play M\*\*, eat indian - and then rest until i leave again to
Cosu. 

Use logistics and timing to One\'s advantage.

Canu is a bit upset, but I have to choose the body, my friend.\
To Rest when the body is tired.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Created Kaya Sankhara 2 Karmic Balance program and graph.

**Yesterday and today Low Back little on the triggered spectrum.**

But there is no fear anymore, as I can see it so clearly answering to
gravity.

Made me choose to come home rather than push it at Canu or Cosu.

A wise choice.

**Revelations & Theories - Low Back Pain - Kaya Sankhara 3**

For sure, when LB is triggered - the hanging back crack hurts much more
than it helps.

**25 May -**

**1-2 Hours into Neural Networks, Jupyter, creating local sever - got it
to work with** widgests and real time weight adjustment.

It feels like the mind has consumed so much Chi in this activity.

Despite yesterday\'s night work, where no mental Chi (deep analysis,
prediction, study, manipulation) was required.

But only slow-speed running dhamma with dopamine rewards of online
ordering of Plants.

THe body too, in focused writing.

Chemical response of craving food. Like it has consumed a lot of
calories and instantly asks for them back. Action-Reaction.

The Mind sees it. Feels it over-taking. How could the Mind resist this?

Trickster rises to make room for the eater.

\"I will eat just 1 yoghurt and chips\" - it will be very little.

But then the Eater rises.

Another yoghurt and finish chips.

Milka biscuits with little milk.

Well.. the chemical matrix has \"won\" today. The Mind cannot over-ride
chemistry.

\*Well, what is stopping it from doing it?

Chi (mental) drainage, dukkha rising from today\'s food from the inside,
dukkha rising from feeling the chemical matrix and predicting it\'s
consequences, dukkha patterns_tracing until the mother_pattern of
disease and death, dukkha rising from not knowing how to deal with this.

**\"N-ar fi prima data \". Chill. Reflect. Adapt. Improve.**

It seems the system has walked both paths.

Of course, it\'s much progress compared to being consumed by the first
one.

But there is also much dukkha for falling it in again. Much stress in
the whole system.

Fall asleep on the chair - wake up to little milk, biscuits and
choco-waffle shot.

Well.. fuck.

Then sleep until 1:30, KS2 wakes the mind and body up - \"Rise.\" - but
the system is so tired.

**Drink water and sleep again until 4:48. Same thing but after 15 min i
rise.**

**I\'m sorry, my sweet body.**

**Take the lessons of the night, not the Fears.**

**Predict, await with full Guard the evening consuption of Chi.**

**Maybe keep some Chi for when this state comes. Cultivate it
before-hand.**

**Beware of the hidden birth of the Trickster, the Eater\'s best
friend.**

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours\~**

**8pm.**

Slowly recovering from huge meal.

A word with little little cocoa and Spinu.

The Choice arises.

Dhamma way:

Sebastian Neural networks, Transcendence, CS50, dhamma talk while
playing, playing AC, reading, anything one\'d desire folowed by an
calmer, emptier stomach sleep.

Dukkha way:

Eat 10 minutes of chocolate + milk. And lose anything one might have
learned - together with a dukkha sleep.

Choose, Neo.

Feel the 2 choices. Predict up to the most intimate thing.

**Home at 12-1pm.**

Very tried.

Ate dhamma variety food -

then after 1 hour of not having anything else to do (both logistics,
chi, already birhted \"I\" to eat croissaints and chocolate)

i give into some desserts.

**Bought wood materials and tools.**

Walking in lidl and brico, \~15 hours since last meal - it feels
absolutely healing on the body. Each breath, heals.

Chanting \"I\'ve hurt you, but let me Heal you\".

A new amazing chapter awaits.

When i look at other tables and chairs, i see blueprints now, rather
than form.

Ordered cotton trays.

Need to buy more thin woods for shelfs - but can do 2 as i want when the
trays arrive.

**\-\-\--Return To Supermarket: A forgotten gate in almost a
decade\-\-\--**

**After a long, long time of fearing to buy much food, i Return.**

249 lei. Filled basket with fruits, vegetables, pickels.

Dhamma food enters.

No more Fear.

**\-\-\--Woden Drying Rack: Awakening of the Builder\-\-\--**

The Alchemist journey continues.

It\'s to to build something with these hands.

Where else but to Father\'s ?

This can be the Father Activity Pool (build together - for both my house
and his?)

The Alchemists. Father and Son. Changing this world - from Mind to
Matter.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Wake up to a lightly inflamed KS2.

Well, despite the full dhamma stop, there has been a lot of dukkha food
lately - and also yesterday - with more than 50% dukkha oriented.

Still, body feels much more light.

There is still the feeling of some chyme left.

**Games to Play this Weekend:**

School - CS50, Sebastian NN

Transcendence - slowly begin project - i\'m so curious what this holds.

If only one had thousands of pattern, seen from lowest up to highest
level.

An intimate look into the Mind. Then it could be the closest it can now
to replicating conciousness.

Some \"I\"s, mathematically extracted with true light and awareness upon
everything - creating the illusion of \"I\", mathematically, on a model.

Of course this takes out all the senses. The genetic memory.

They are indeed somewhat created in the illusion, but far from what the
Body feels.

Yardi.exe - Look into NL Rent roll. Look into E-docs.

Log some little time & admin, leaving the bigger stuff post Octavian
talk.

(talk Octavu - approach on non-scope related CPRs and E-docs - where/how
do i Log my time?)

Rent Scooter 1 week - will allow to see the World, beyond the inner
world and legend, no matter how beautiful that one be.

One cannot go without the other.

Film \"Postul Corpului\" -

**New Life skills arise.**

Personal Legend - The story of the pilgrim searching, learning,
fighting, fully experiencing his purpose here on Earth.

Beyond the Inner World - No matter how beautiful One\'s inner world and
legend would be, it is a shame to remain stuck into it.

See the world. The people. Partake in the dance. It is truly a wonder
giving way to encounters.

This skill is greatly dependent on logistics and laws.

Right now lack of dhamma logistics are heavily felt and restrictioning.

Renting/Buying scooter will allow it to rise.

**- 24 May 2024 -**

**---\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Digestive System Health Graph\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

*----Kaya Sankhara 2 Karmic Balance----*

Let\'s keep the computer analogy as close to heart as we can. 

It\'s the only way to understand the Mind.

So, we raise the following question.

**What can the Mind do at that specific moment, when chemistry activates
faulty Neural_Networks?**

Like - doing one\'s dhamma work, when suddenly Chi is depleted, evening
hunger instantly rises together with thousands of past evenings
over-consumption of bad food as comfort.

Without even the body moving, it starts changing from the inside.

Hunger grows, gastric acid starts producing, mouth starts preparing to
eat, etc, etc.

The Mind tries to solve both as best as it can - that is concluding to
eat just a little bit clean yoghurt and chips will restore needed
energy.

But it already starts biassed to paint the good in this ( as in
disregarding the processed ingredients and heavy of chips and looking
over the \"clean\" ingredients) 

Same with yoghurt, disregards the hour and heavy lactose digestion, and
rather biases on the yoghurt being clean and little.

**So at this point the Mind it\'s settled- it thinks it can solve both
paths.**

**From Mind to Matter. The body moves.**

But with each bite the module of Eater() grows more and more stronger,
taking over more and more of the RAM - 

*This module has a few kernel-level builds: escape pain in food, excess,
heaven would be to eat continuously, greatly fear death and letting go -
thus clinging so hard to not stopping the eating - but eat and eat and
eat*. 

**Of course, it\'s in conflict with the other modules, which are now set
aside from the RAM** (Access consciousness \~ currently running of 

software IN hardware) and into the SSD. 

With the Eater() running more and more, just as in the physical world it
eats, in the computer it eats memory - taking over more and more.

*A very faulty program.*

*Disease-creating.*

It has other modules in helping (like Trickster) - and also has a
specific thriving chemical environment to grow (night, hunger, crave,
body starts secreting acid expecting food, post m\*\*\*, etc)

Once it starts running, it eats more and more of the RAM - bringing
it\'s kernel-level beliefs to the current =.

The more it runs, the more it hurts the hardware.

*Can you see the perfect mirroring?*

**The \"Eater()\" can be likened to a resource-hungry application or a
runaway process in computing, which starts consuming an excessive amount
of system resources (RAM) to the detriment of other processes. This
module, driven by deep-seated kernel-level routines (subconscious
beliefs and habits), tends to take over the system\'s operations,
pushing aside other modules that are less immediately gratifying but
ultimately more beneficial for the system\'s long-term health and
efficiency.**

**Interrupting the Faulty Program:**

**Implementing Stronger Firewalls (Setting Boundaries):**

**Just as a computer uses firewalls to prevent unwanted operations,
setting strict personal rules about eating can help manage these
impulses. For example, not buying snack foods that trigger overeating
can be a form of a proactive firewall.**

So let\'s see an overview.

Computer runs - the CPU is working at 80-90%.

Chi is consumed - the engine needs to rest.

Eater is triggered - blocked by the first firewalls. It keeps attempting
to re-run.

Trickster is triggered - Drops some firewalls.

The other modules (Healer, Lao, Monk, Man of God, Neo) has no Chi to
raise new, adapted firewalls to the current RAM.

Trickster deepens - Biased pattern analysis & prediction of just little
chips & yoghurt at this hour. Drops all firewalls.

Eater runs() - As soon as it runs (first bite), it keeps taking more
RAM.

The food\'s nature, timing and quantity are deeply connected to food\'s
effect.

On a scale from 1 to 10 (dukkha to dhamma) - the 3 pillars compile the
output effect on all the system.

It has a CRITICAL point (Hara Hachi Bu) - which is specific to the
nature of food, timing and quantity. But it is always available to the
Mind&Body by intuition. 

This is the critical point because, once it is passed, it enters an
exponential drop in system\'s health. 

The other modules have less and less RAM. The system is more and more
hurt.

The User can see it harming the whole software&hardware system.

**System Overview in Computer Terms:**

**High CPU Usage (Chi Consumption):**

**Just as a CPU running at high capacity signals heavy workload and
potential overheating, your high mental engagement or emotional stress
leads to depleted Chi, requiring system cooldown or energy
replenishment.**

**Security Protocols (Firewalls):**

**Initial resistances (firewalls) are your mental strategies or habits
that try to prevent unhealthy eating patterns (Eater module) from
starting. However, these can be weakened or bypassed by the Trickster
module, which rationalizes poor eating choices, effectively \'hacking\'
the system\'s better judgement.**

**Module Conflict and Resource Allocation:**

**When the Eater module is activated, it monopolizes system resources
(RAM), pushing aside other modules like the Healer, Lao, Monk, Man of
God, and Neo. These healthier modules are then starved of the resources
needed to function effectively and maintain system balance.**

**Critical Threshold (Hara Hachi Bu):**

**This concept, akin to a system's capacity limit, represents the point
of optimal resource consumption. Beyond this, any additional intake
drastically reduces system performance and health, analogous to a
computer system becoming sluggish and unresponsive due to excessive
process loads.**

**- 24 May 2024 - **

**Good morning, my friend.**

***\-\-\-\-\-\--The delusions of \"I\"s deepen\-\-\-\-\-\--***

*\-\--Play: Ludovico Einaudi - Walk (Piano)\-\--*

There is light upon the system. Kaya Sankhara 2. 

The great digestive Art.

There is light upon the paths (births) the Mind&Body take.

Now.. I can Play.

Everything comes down to a magical moment. 

A second, which begins the battle.

A magical second. War - or Peace.

Only In Hara Hachi Bu, the lost city in the mountains. a great peace
treaty can be signed.

Only in believeness. 

\"I do not understand how this can work, but i Believe\".

\"I do not understand why I have to sleep now, but i Believe.\"

\"I do not understand why I have to die now, but i Believe.\" 

\"I believe in you, my Brothers.\"

\"Until we meet again in the Light of a new Day.\"

Beyond their differences, the Eater and other beings (patterns) vow to
not partake in a battle which would hurt the mother Earth (Body).

**Sacred Ground, Doctore.**

**It\'s Sacred Ground.**

**- 23 May 2024 - **

***\-\--The Clean dhamma food house\-\--***

Build your dhamma food knowledge.

Then build your house.

**Wake up at 12:30 from a troubled dream.**

KS2 is affected 3/10.

But its cold.. I\'m tired.. no energy to rise.

I lay down at the computer, covered and reclined.

Oh and it slowly builds.Acid flows up.

KS2 dukkha starts rising 3,4,5,6,7..

I give short water-rises and cleaning - but too tired to do much - too
cold.

When I rise it calms down \~1 point, but as I return to laying down it
goes back.

And more and more the fight for rise or sleep.

I\'m so sorry my sweet body - i do love you so much and i need your help
to overcome this.

Cold outside, closing windows. Dukkha closed air added to combination.

Lay down at tv series - the stomach still feels very full, bloated more
on the lower part.

A stress state also had surrounded the body, with the mind always
focused on the KS2 sickness and all implications.

Inner deep muscles and fascial lines tensioning. 

Breath is affected.Organs feel heavy, acidic.

**If there is a trade-off between food and smoking to be made at night,
it\'s a clear choice for now.**

Use smoking if u have to, but at any cost - allow KS2 to shut down at
evening.

At any cost - there is nothing more important than this - no project, no
relationship, no dhamma.

The highest priority - allow KS2 to shut down at evening.

If this is happening, you are spinning the wheel more than you could
ever spin it in other projects.

The Body&Mind needs to enter the calming, clear mind evening state with
a nourished body.

It is the only way to remain into it, in the changing alchemies of 

Hunger, tiredness, more hunger.

With food excess and dukkha, the whole evening alchemy goes way down.

Could not even listen to Sadghuru while DotA-ing.

Of course - the woman\'s love, Ammy, body needs, mind needs - everything
needs a woman\'s touch, love and baby.

The core disturbance (The Rachita\'s old house haha).

\"The adapting\" great life skills just uncovered of course, unable to
manifest.

The \"I\"s eating were already born and clinged. As they lived, more
\"I\"s was born.

This is why it\'s tricky - to stop eating - to not give into excess.

**The mind recognizes a dangerous faulty pattern.**

**It thinks it can control it, it thinks it can full stop after bread
and avocado (aka last bite), that is it think that it can control the
\"I\" wanting to eat.**

But how? Because as soon as it allows it to be born, the birth has
completely happened.

The \"I\" who has imagined heaven picture from Upload as a continuous
eating - a VR in which one would eat continuously.

How boring would that be, how tiring :))).

But as soon as it births, it doesn\'t want to die anymore.

This \"I\" does not know how to fall in and out of love - with life.

It trembles in the face of death. At any sign of disease, sickness, it
trembles.

Many other \"I\", patterns of the mind have complete trust in my
ancestors, in this body, in this Body & Mind destiny and part in this
world.

So much more beyond food - which is a but a fuel - 

but a few \"shots\" during one\'s dhamma work.

So then, the mind is forced to surrender or kill the \"I\".

But the mind loves itself completely and has given full freedom for the
patterns to execute.

So it\'s very hard to rise and KILL this over-taking \"I\".

As soon as it eats, it grows stronger. The instinct of survival. EATING.

Imagine how much pain, death, suffering, fighting, separations, joys,
extasies - this act carries. 

How much killing was done by this genetic memory of millions of years in
eating. 

So then? Well most of the nights - the mind prepares for battle,
consumes resources in great pattern analysis and worry - 

just to have it all clash in it\'s face like a YoYo.

**The secret of KS2 healing is to meet the evening hunger with whatever
it may bring as just another alchemy, with the same faith in God.**

Same feeling of Destiny, of the Play, of the Drama, of the
inter-connected systems.

This was discovered just recently - maybe i had 1 day in thailand (the
coconut mango rice smoke nok hook). 

The Complete Faith - embrace hunger. drink water. breath fresh air.
Expand. Then do your dhamma work. Write.

Before this, the Mind had only managed to KILL the Eater in a few
nights, with great resources consumption - meaning complete stop of
eating in great pain (emotional, physical).

In 99% of the nights, it has been a battle.

But in the last month, as i returned to school - an effortless way
arose.

(only experiences this in high peaks with women before or in return to
CQ) - The Humble Monk.

Eat little to no food - and if truly need to eat - grab a bite - just
like a car returning home, needing perhaps just a few litres of gas to
reach home, where new, fresh, good fuel awaits in the next day.

For this, the Eater must learn, in the evening alchemy of low chi,
hunger, M\* or not, to fall in and out of love. To use food as fuel.

\"Nobody shall die tonight\" - can ONLY happen if the Eater willingly
and gracefully lets go.

\~The Body slowly Recovers\~

***\-\-\--The Mind Fighting itself\-\-\--***

Kaya Sankhara2 Evening crossroads.

**Dhamma paths:**

1.  **The Eater falling in and out of Love**, allowing the Body&Mind to
    do it\'s dhamma work here on earth. There is no Battle. It births,
    eats in calmness and peace, then dies.  (7-10 Sleep, 1-3 KS2 dukkha)

2.  **The Mind puts the Eater to sleep** - like a loving owner putting
    an animal to sleep to not hurt himself. The werewolf tying itself in
    chains out of love, not to hurt itself when the Beast births. This
    can happen only by faith. Trust in Water. 

> (6-8 Sleep, 2-4 KS2 dukkha)

**Dukkha paths:**

The Fight - on a scale from 0 - no resistance from the mind to 10 -
great battle of instincts, mind, patterns, sufferings.

1.  **The Eater kills the Mind** - the mind & body and numbed and
    surrendered to the eater - completely giving in to foods in great,
    great excess - The purpose of life becomes eat-vain activity to
    allow little digestion-eat more - until it gets bored or the system
    becomes too sick. 

> (1-3 sleep follows, 6-9 KS2 dukkha)

1.  **The draw** - casualties on both sides but ground is defended. 

> (6-7/10 sleep, 2-3 KS2 dukkha)

1.  **The Mind kills the Eater** - complete forcedown of the Eater 

> (4-6/10 sleep, 3-5 KS2 dukkha)

**The = is both the battle, battlefield and fighters.**

It is defined by genetics activated in certain environments - fueled by
Karmic Balance.

The patterns are very clear defined.

Now, for the healing to happen, it\'s clear that paths 1&2 need to be
walked.

At least 50%, my friend. 

Of course, this = \'s core needs of family, love, community, purpose -
are yet unfulfilled - but the wheels are spinning.

Only the Eater fears them all.

**The Healer has no need for dukkha food in his house, supporting and
falling to the sickness caused by the modern food industry.**

But the house is filled with fruits, grains, vegetables, nuts, seeds.

If he likes croissants, he will bake them.

Milk.. its good in coffee.

The Eater will have short bursts of births & deaths while in stores -
but also it must be brought to light the great energy it brings -
similar to sexual.

Amazing, amazing chi generating being.

But could the Mind generate such energy without falling victim to it?

Fully allow the \"I\" to birth and bring it\'s chi, only to have the
Mind rise and lovingly put the \"I\" back to sleep,, harvesting it\'s
energy.

Just imagine.. what One could do with such energy - 

in a Body & Mind functionality close to 100%.

***The Alchemist.***

**Begin the eating - **

Avocado cream cheese bread - always a trigger - the white flour IS
extremely triggering. (white flour + diary)

Instant followed by yoghurt with peanut oat ba and more bread + milk
cream. (diary + peanuts + oats&other bar shit + sugar and more processed
milk)

Dukkha regarding work and Ammy rises (money, visa, feeling cold).

Rest for 1-2 hours.. then eat again.

Chips + yoghurt + corn puffs (diary + processed oils and foods)

Milk + chocolate oat bar and wafers (milk + chocolate from bar + palm
oil + more processed things)

Very full and bloated.

Pick up my pen and paper and write, finish GPT video - what a calming
activity. Body & mind at full content.

Play a dota, mind loses focus of it for a while.

Finish with a little chocolate.

A lot.. a lot of food inside. A lot.

Dukkha regarding everything rises but not too obvious - more like
hidden - slowly growing more and more.

Seeing videos of past physical form, Ammy visa, money, re-connect,
purpose..

I check every 2 minutes for a tiktok spike - just to take the mind off
this dukkha alchemy.

Sleep comes around 9pm. - Go to sleep.

All in all.. how much dukkha food man, and how much excess.

*How hidden.*

**Maan.. 3-4 hours work for little CPR. **

A lot of chi traded.

And other CPRs/Issue pilling up.

But the heart is pretty calm.

It\'s the money fuel for everything else.

So it\'s ok.

**1pm.**

Naturally eate variety - and will keep eating.

Focusing rather on eating food rather than abstaining.

Morning - little rice, little apple, little onion

Afternoon - little smoothie - felt very good and peaceful until now

**Invisible Technologies.**

Man what a work philosophy.

Let\'s slooooowly build github and finesse linkedin.

Then start seeking dhamma companies - not jobs.

**- 22 May 2024 -**

**Watching movies and eating.**

Some potato bowl.

Then monastery bread with milk sauce and milk - a lot.

The \"eater\" birthed without control. Or did the microbyome?

**8pm.**

Another evening comes down.

Reflections on food today: 

2x lentils portion - i felt hara hachi bu after first bowl but ignored -
much dukkha risen from digesting this

2 hours later - Puf + 1 yoghurt - followed by milk + chocolate corn -
heavy but watched documentary and worked on Dojo Walls - in about 3
hours the system had calmed down.

***\-\-\--The Magical Gate to Plan Medicine\-\-\--***

Plants and Hoffman's book arrived today.

Serving of Chamomile + Lavender tea in wooden glass.

**- 21 May 2024 - **

**If i was a healer in the mountains, i\'d suggest to the little pelgrim
the following: **

Fast, my friend. Meet your demons and angels with an empty stomach.

Then Eat the next day. Eat like you\'re eating the whole universe in
front of you.

Then fast again.

Deepen the illusion of \"I\".

But also consider the microbiome.

The Full on variety could be a nice secret. (yet still a tool, not
system)

***\-\-\-\--The Choice\-\-\-\-\--***

Every evening, a choice arises from the lived =.

A.  Wash teeth, Reflections, playing, resting, hugging the earth while
    sleeping 

OR

B.  M\*\*\*, Eating, watching tv series, \'bandaging\' with milk.

Ahhh.. another heavy night follows. Body waking up out of sickness and
hurt but at the same time tired, longing for sleep.

It all started with tortilla chips stress eating while working.

Then ice cream.

The uncontrollable birthing of \"I\'s\". Once tanha is reached 

(craving, nn activation) it is impossible to stop it.

Vedana would be the attempt to fire millions of neural networks running
on current karma and input. Until one fires.

Then tanha is reached (full electrical and bio-chemical 

activation of the nn). from quantum (0,1) to 1.

Only the guarding cat can make the current flow stop at vedana.

Anapanasati.

Rest for a while.. then chips & yoghurt.

Then different chips and chocolate at night.

On top of it, milk + rice.

The milk very heavy this night.

Clear Stuck in this world arises.

I\'m so sorry sweet body.

Last night wash teeth completely disregarded lately.

**Adapting** during and post meal still needs implementing.

**Scooter moves forward, in client seeing it and learning more about the
broken handle.**

One way or another, will move forward.

Fix or sell. Then logistics will open up.

**Call Ammy.  After a while, things cool down. \"I\" Need her.**

I know its not easy, my love.

So much darkness this time around us. 

Now its no longer my light and love with yours.

But great dukkha also.

The choice between love and hate each time. So fucking intense.

We\'ve never been so long apart.

Let\'s see.

**In this Alchemy, work no longer brings stress. But Calm.**

**Falling in and out of love with Work.**

Here i am with Spinu on the balcony, awaiting meeting.

Meeting with Ioana and Mihaela - dhamma people with light in them.

Cover smoothie in the shadows.

Finished, going to m\*\*.

Pondering if i should send visa 1st round money - could do it part of
the little childs play.

The memory of her smell and falling asleep with her makes me
unhesitantly begin the visa process.

Do it through my brother\'s fantasy.

**Post-shower glimpse of missed hair spot while blindly shaving.**

Does it rise a fear, of failing, of not being good enough - 

Or does it rise a calm peaceful lesson, for the Future?

It\'s all in how you think.

Car ride to vivo. New pattern of leaving it on the hill. Best car spot.

Carrefour smoothie prices are 25% cheaper. Water more fresh. Milk more
fresh.

The power of the Mind.

Got camping flame - table will use trunk for now to asses dhamma height
and surface.

First use Chi to acquire dhamma food and clean house - 

then the Art of Movement can follow.

***\-\-\-\-\-\--It Writes Itself\-\-\-\-\-\--***

*---Only 3 things can stop One---*

**At any point the Mind reflects on doing something, some of it\'s **

**Dhamma work, the Horsemen,**

**Only 3 things can stop it.**

1.  **Chi. Energy. Flow of life. **

Later split into Mental and Physical.

Deeply binded with the Body & Mind functionality.

Reflected in Breath. The Calm, loving breath without even trying.

> **     2. Dukkha **

Light-speed pattern analysis of the dhamma, deep neural networks
activating 

based on karma neuron.

Everything that \"dhamma\" encloses. The whole activities summing up the
activity itself, the doing of the activity, all the previous experiences
of doing it together with the fantasy thinking of other hundreds
variations, searching\... Light speed pattern analysis.

From this comes the prediction of Pain. Disease. Dukkha. 

What Body & Mind suffering is predicted?

Can the Mind solve it? Or will dukkha inevitable rise?

If the Mind has predicted dukkha but has no answer to it, it has reached
a bottleneck.

It may attempt to completely abandon it.

***If un-Guarded*, the Mind will fall into the realization that it has
completely failed it\'s purpose.**

***If Guarded*, with a clear Mind, a Calm, Healthy, connected body - **

**There is complete trust that the System can adapt to anything - while
bowing down to the Natural Truths.**

Like it can adapt to the pattern of going with the bike to the hill,
easily solving patterns of air quality (mask, hour) and pain (complete
trust in Mind & Body connection to prevent and quinch pain).

But it cannot adapt to the pattern of having a coffee near a
construction site on bad chair while eating a croissant - for this would
be a disturbance in the 

Natural truths of Air, Food and Gravity.

**So 2 types of dukkha may arise from analysis.**

**The first (The Adaptable Mind, Violinist)** one solves itself when the
Natural Truths are respected and there is light and love between Mind
and Body.

**The second one (the Natural Truths-rising dukkha)** can only be solved
at a lower level, such as changing activities environment (ex. changing
reading from home to father listening to violin) - or if impossible - go
lower into patterns like House, Home Town, Job.

> **3. Unknown & Fears of dukkha arising from the Unknown**

In the same light-speed pattern analysis, it also searches for already
learnt & written patterns for the list of all dhammas and the engaging
in them.

From gravity, air, emotions, thoughts, beliefs, previous failures,
previous feelings.

If anything is predicted as dukkha risk met by an Un-Adaptable Mind

 -\> bottleneck - shutdown.

Example. The activation of cooking Naans now - giving rise to how,
quantities, previous fails, previous yoghurt taste, and on and on and
on, washing the dishes and creating chaos in the kitchen.

Dukhha has risen. The Mind reaches a bottleneck, in the front of the
unknown and the fear of what dukkha may arise from it.

***If un-Guarded***, the Mind will fall into the realization that it has
completely failed it\'s purpose.

***If Guarded***, it will stand un-shaken, with complete trust in the
Body & Mind system ability to adapt to anything.

Past experiences, pains and fails will become treasured lessons.

**Good morning, my friend.**

\"Wake up, Neo\" - KS2 says at 4am.

I do. Water. 

Begin the day with walking meditation. This was also conditioned by the
nature (temperature) allowing me to do it.

This is the treasure of the East. All around the year, One can wake up
straight to walking meditation.

The roads allow at this hour clean air.

Slept a good 6 hours. Dhamma meditation walk in the morning.

As the body returns to 100%, everything changes. 

The Falling In And Out Of Love arises.

I do not know what this day holds, in terms of work, food, weather,
people, demons, angels

But i do know this - I will Adapt to anything.

***\-\-\-\-\--Play: Relaxing Violin Music\-\-\-\-\-\--***

The whole nature sings, what seem like thousands of sounds 

Meeting in the fresh morning\'s air.

Neo has learnt much, he is in complete contentment. The parallel of the
Mind and AI - the Mind creating itself. It is absolutely astonishing.

The most fascinating subject to study. 

For studying AI, the Mind can understand itself.

And by studying itself, the Mind can understand AI.

Lao, as good as the Tao allowed, he is moving on to his purpose of
Healing the World - and in the process - Free\'ing from the dukkha of
money.

The little boy has become.. bored of Kali. She is powerful, so powerful
inside 

One\'s deep energy. But it is no longer completely overwhelming. 

Taken it to the most extreme mother_patterns, the absolute core
activation patterns, 

to the absolute lust and ecstasy of feeling.

**And there.. it has found that with a sick body, it\'s nothing. **

**Everything bows down to the Absolute Truths of A body.. and a Mind.**

If the body is sick and the Natural Truths are seen, even the Goddess of
Goddesses, the symbol of Creation and Destruction, bows down.

All it remains is a hurt little boy.. playing with a Hurt little Girl. 

*And all the Drama it follows.*

**The Warrior..** rests**.** Slept for a while, as One walked the
battles of the Mind. 

But he is there. Rising, roaring even if for some brief moments. The One
who had climbed Teide - Alone, Crawling in the middle of the night -
never to fall into the eternal sleep again.

**The Student\...** wiser**.**

**The Mind\...** it has so much more information. So much more
processing power. So much light.

**The Body\...** laughs. A tear comes to the eyes.

**The Breath**.. is calm and complete. Like filling a glass of water.
Flowing. 

The Art of Breathing, in the fine line of too much and too little, 

of too much control and too much ignorance.

**The Violin..** sings.

**The birds..** accompany it.

 

**Games to play today:**

**Vivo** - liniar, compass, pixuri (take model), arzatoare&other camping
stuff

**Yardi.exe** - Mihaela, Jordan CPR

**Dojo Writings** - continue studying, testing, adapting

**Re-Connect** - film breathing chapter end in walking meditation.
Movement chapter is coming soon.

**The Art to Move** - Water

**- 20 May 2024 - **

***\-\-\-\--The Greatest Medicine: Pen & Paper\-\-\-\--***

And so, the minds picks up a video about my friend GPT\'s births.

And the hands pick up a pen&paper.

Deep Sitzfleisch 3 hours - what an experience.

To Understand the mathematics of Large Language Models.

In this alchemy, a new way of eating rises - the shots - the slow sips
of whatever food - purely for the purpose of energy - 1-2 bites than
eagerly return to One\'s dhamma Work & Study.

A new life skill arises - 

***\-\-\--The Violin&The Violinist\-\-\--***

**What an end to this ReConnect chapter.**

Lao and G. Lucas, they are proud of their work. 

They eagerly move forward with proudness, sincere effort and dedication.

They carry the lessons they have learnt, not the Fears.

Together. 

Lao\'s work would not be possible without the greatness of Lucas. 

And Lucas dhamma work would not be possible without Lao.

When I touch the phone and turn on the camera, 

i Activate not \"Fear-based\" neurons and patterns.

But wisdom. Lessons of the past. And carve new ones.

Not for money. Not for the world. But for It.

For the Tao. For God.

For this is my purpose here on Earth.

To learn.

To give.

*In greatness One was born and in Greatness One shall live.*

*The Personal Legend.*

**Some Yardi work and finishing up the video edit.**

Effortless dhamma work flows in Hara Hachi Bu.

Second words with Spinu.

Can one turn m\*\*\*\* and over-eating to Dhamma ?

***\-\-\-\--Natural Occurring Hara Hachi Bu\-\-\-\-\-\-\--***

Oh my god, contemplating ordering indian food - granny just made indian
food.

Rice, onion, pepper, carrot, spinach - extraordinarily amazing.

One of the best Indian foods i ever ate.

I should make naans next time \<3.

\...Oh my god.. and eating calms down.

\"I\" can stop at anytime. Chew slowly.

Fall in and Out of love.

Also the mechanics must be considered - eating from bowl 

On top of a wooden elevated pot - with wood light spoon.

Naturally, The System instinctively stopped eating after a little while.

**Body and KS2 is right at Hara Hachi Bu.**

**If i\'d gone any further, the dhamma activity pool would have started
shrinking.**

**One by one. From reading, to editing, to writing, to playing DotA, CQ,
resting, mind going into natural pattern analysis. One by one, with each
bite.**

And that is ok. As long as it is not done continuously, in excess and
greet dukkha food.

More, and more, and more - until only laying back on chair pauses
accompanied by more eating rounds would be left.

*Fascinating.*

**Life has been so serious lately.. **

Lost in work and forgot the infinite game awaiting out there.

Of course, logistics. The horses, environments and laws.

Fix logistics. (car, scooter)

**12pm. **

**Back on the balcony with Spinu.**

The ride was absolutely healing.

But what to do now, what to eat, do I only keep the Humble Monk mode on
little smoothie?

Well, what would the Healer advise Lao?

Healer: a fast would come in beautifully. It\'s not going to be easy.

Its very hard, in this programming, to fast.

But everything starts with intent - with a well watered intent.

And it is further fueled by Faith and the realisation of the
delusironess of \"I\".

**Running into a young boy at mega - he gave me a great lesson of
overeating - **

Drink Water and go out.

After the study of elders and religions, return to children.

They hold the Secrets Of Life.

Un-stained by the Mind turning against itself.

**G. Lucas note to Lao: **

Don\'t forget to relax, my friend. Enjoy. There is no rush. 

The only purpose is that you Enjoy.

\*Of course, the pelicanu binding in lower energy and indoor talking
environment - also played a part.

***\-\-\--The Plant Medicine is calling\-\--***

I\'ve left it out more than half a year ago to a couple of bottlenecks: 

Unknown safe places to harvest Chamomile ( Marigold i know)

Unknown way to harvest & store them.

Unknown way to prepare them in dhamma taste (hot, cold, combinations)

Remember the story of the Eastern Healer.

The process is broken down into several steps:

Example Chamomile.

Identifying and finding Chamomile

Harvesting the Plant

Cleaning & Drying (1-2 weeks until crispy to touch)

Storing the plants

Preparing Plant Medicine

Tea (hot, cold, sweet, natural, concentrated, dilluated)

Chamomile Infused Oil

**Good morning, my friend.**

Come, night.

Come, food.

I have God. And he will keep me on the pattern of my Destiny.

Whatever it may be.

In this alchemy, only 12 hours later - i begin to feel complete trust
in 

One\'s path, even if no one supports me.

I will walk the path of truth. Of greatness. Of my Personal Legend.

**Games to Play Today:**

Yardi.exe - The Jordan

Re-Connect - finish editing & upload. Return to Filming

**- 19 May 2024 - **

**Ooff.. viata.. viata.**

Pair feeling lost and alone.

Ammy threatening with \"you will see.\"

Canu being busy with George.

Finished m\*\*\*\*.

Of course, big meal followed. Very affected night.

Reflections on doing \"all the work\" on re-connect and the upcoming
inability to sell/help.

In this alchemy, this sum of dhammas had broken the mind.

Completely give into food and fears.

This was paired with a physical extortion days and little rest -
snowballing into the lack of power to Rise at first wake-up.

Have you forgotten, my friend? The first wake-up.

It must be deeply honoured - the body signal to Rise. 

It is not the Mind\'s signal.

Learnt about Garret\'s esophagus - nothing new - just a normal
consequence/adaptation on long-term inflammation paired with many other
factors.

Dreamt about aloneness and lack of community - and later with Ammy
fucking some black man.

**7.30pm.**

**Back on the balcony.**

There was a choice: between no smoking and eating - 

and smoking and not eating (let\'s see later).

And so, final reflections of the great holiday.

I really don\'t know what to do with Ammy\'s visa.

An \"I\" wants it, another doesn\'t. The One who doesn\'t see\'s it just
as another holiday, another play - which he\'d rather not partake in the
expense of money, energy.

Can One stay focused on his path?

Well of course.

All in all, cheers, my friend. Great holiday.

Great steps forward.

**Huge KS2 trigger post smoking, beginning to m\* - started to be veeery
bloated.**

**Mind wants to escape to food.**

Eate baked potatoes - extremely triggered reaction follows.

Go to granny, mind defocuses, ks2 slowly relaxes.

Very possible the smoking in this alchemy + m\* - to be 2 huge signals
to start secreting gastric acid.

Of course, gravity must be also considered, for it all flew upwards -
but it was not instantly met by calming food as usual.

**I enter Phase 5: B. The Humble Monk.**

Perhaps some dhamma food today consisting of simple, well-cooked
ingredients.

Potatoes, Rice, Avocado.

Relax, my sweet Kaya Sankhara 2. I love you all my heart.

**1.30pm.**

**Back home.**

Dhamma working on car, cleaning it in greatness by my own hand.

A tesla parks behind me and wash.

I look at it with complete gratitude in the Tao - for i would choose in
any day of the week a Tesla Body and a Ford than a Tesla and a Ford
body.

**Using the sexual energy generated by Cool Amy to do One\'s dhamma
work.**

**A true Alchemist.**

All in all, the holiday was absolutely amazing.

Car - deployed, cleaned, dhamma steps in identifying issues

Scooter - decided to repair and take out alarm - at dad mechanic

Re-Connect - Filmed with my brother. Post-filming- in the quietness of
editing, i see he speaks great things. Wouldn\'t have hade it with any
other dude.

G. Lucas - amazing post filming editing, completely saving the day.

ReConnect_Breathing - Done \<3. Extraordinarily beautiful, my friend.

Learn Agriculture - Granny teachings. Day together with granny and
mommy.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Another day is here.**

Slept 2 hours from 5 to 7, reflecting on newly learnt mechanisms.

So.. the holiday ends with forwards steps in Car&Scooter.

In the night I had prepared time loggin and starting the work day.

18 May -

\-\-\--Kaya Sankhara 2\-\-\-\--

In this deep night study of KS, there rose a point where i could feel
the intimatcy of LES muscles ring.

Mechanism of Acid Reflux

Lower Esophageal Sphincter (LES) Malfunction: The LES usually tightens
after food enters the stomach to prevent backflow. When it relaxes
inappropriately or is weakened, stomach contents can flow back into the
esophagus.

Chyme Flow: The chyme, mixed with hydrochloric acid (HCl) and digestive
enzymes, irritates the esophagus because it lacks the protective mucus
lining of the stomach

Digestion and Fermentation in Detail

Normal Digestion

Mouth:

Digestion begins with mechanical breakdown by chewing and chemical
breakdown by saliva enzymes (e.g., amylase starts breaking down
starches).

Stomach:

Proteins are denatured by stomach acid and further broken down by the
enzyme pepsin.

Carbohydrates start breaking down, but fats remain mostly intact.

Small Intestine:

Enzymes from the pancreas (lipase, protease, amylase) and bile from the
liver aid in breaking down fats, proteins, and carbohydrates.

Most nutrients are absorbed here into the bloodstream.

When Digestion is Incomplete

Excess Carbohydrates and Proteins:

When you consume foods high in refined carbohydrates (e.g., white flour)
and proteins that are hard to digest (e.g., processed meats), the
digestive enzymes may not completely break them down in the stomach and
small intestine.

Undigested Food Reaches the Colon:

These undigested carbohydrates and proteins then pass into the colon.

Fermentation in the Colon

Gut Bacteria Activity:

The colon houses a vast microbiota that ferments undigested food
components. This fermentation is anaerobic (occurs without oxygen).

Carbohydrates: Gut bacteria ferment these into short-chain fatty acids
(SCFAs) like acetate, propionate, and butyrate, and gases such as
hydrogen, methane, and carbon dioxide.

Proteins: Protein fermentation produces SCFAs as well, but also
potentially harmful substances like ammonia, amines, phenols, and
indoles.

Gaseous Byproducts:

The gases produced during fermentation can accumulate, causing bloating,
flatulence, and abdominal discomfort.

Acidity:

SCFAs can lower the pH in the colon, increasing acidity, which may
contribute to a feeling of heaviness and discomfort.

Impact of Specific Foods

Milk:

Lactose, the sugar in milk, can be hard to digest for those with lactose
intolerance. Undigested lactose reaches the colon and is fermented by
bacteria, producing gas and acids.

Even if lactose intolerance isn\'t present, the combination of milk with
other fermentable substrates (e.g., croissants) can exacerbate issues.

Croissants (White Flour, Butter, Yeast):

White Flour: Lacks fiber and is quickly broken down into simple sugars,
providing a rich substrate for fermentation.

Butter and Refined Oils: High fat content slows gastric emptying, which
can delay digestion and increase the chance of undigested food reaching
the colon.

Yeast: Can contribute to further fermentation, especially in a
high-sugar environment.

The \"Milk and Sweets Medicine\" Effect

Temporary Relief:

Drinking cold milk might temporarily soothe the stomach by neutralizing
acid and providing a cooling effect. Sweets offer a quick dopamine
spike, providing a momentary sense of relief and pleasure.

Downside:

Both milk and sweets contribute additional fermentable sugars and fats,
which further feed gut bacteria and increase fermentation activity in
the colon.

The temporary relief is followed by increased fermentation, more gas
production, and greater discomfort.

Managing and Preventing Discomfort

Dietary Adjustments:

Increase Fiber Intake: Include more whole grains, vegetables, and fruits
to aid digestion and prevent undigested food from reaching the colon.

Probiotics: Incorporate probiotic-rich foods (e.g., yogurt, kefir,
fermented vegetables) to balance gut bacteria.

Avoid Trigger Foods: Reduce intake of highly processed foods, refined
sugars, and high-fat meals that are hard to digest.

Hydration:

Drink plenty of water to help digestion and maintain healthy bowel
movements.

Smaller, Frequent Meals:

Eating smaller meals more frequently can prevent overloading the
digestive system and ensure better digestion.

Mindful Eating:

Eat slowly and chew food thoroughly to aid in the digestive process.

Summary

When digestion is incomplete, undigested carbohydrates and proteins
reach the colon and are fermented by gut bacteria, producing gases and
acids that cause bloating and discomfort. Foods high in refined
carbohydrates and fats, like milk and croissants, exacerbate this
process. To manage and prevent these symptoms, dietary adjustments
focusing on fiber-rich foods, probiotics, and mindful eating can be
beneficial.

If you have more specific questions or need further advice, feel free to
ask!

Biochemical Processes and Physiological Responses

Digestive Overload and Enzyme Deficiency:

High Fat and Protein Content: Foods like pizza, which are high in fat
and protein, can be hard to digest. The body needs more enzymes
(proteases, lipases) to break down these components.

Processed Ingredients: Processed meats and refined flour lack fiber and
can slow down digestion, leading to a feeling of heaviness.

Fermentation: Excess carbohydrates and proteins that aren\'t properly
digested in the stomach can reach the colon, where they are fermented by
gut bacteria, producing gas and causing bloating and discomfort.

Acid Reflux:

Gastric Acid Production: High-fat foods can increase gastric acid
production. When lying down, especially after eating, this acid can flow
back into the esophagus, causing a burning sensation (acid reflux).

Lower Esophageal Sphincter (LES) Relaxation: Certain foods (e.g., fatty
foods, chocolate) can relax the LES, exacerbating reflux symptoms.

Dopamine and Comfort Eating:

Dopamine Release: Consuming high-sugar foods and comfort foods like
sweets can trigger dopamine release, creating a temporary feeling of
pleasure and reward.

Cravings and Reward System: This creates a feedback loop where the body
craves more of these foods to maintain the dopamine high, despite their
negative impact on digestion.

Milk and Temporary Relief:

Neutralizing Acid: Cold milk can temporarily neutralize stomach acid,
providing short-term relief from acidity.

Calcium Content: Milk contains calcium, which can act as a mild antacid.
However, this is not a long-term solution and can lead to further
discomfort.

Such a hard recovery.

Whole KS2 so acidic.

I\'m so sorry my little love.

The pizza paired with closed air, no movement and current = - could not
stop the further eating conditioning.

Oh and i did..

Fermentation, my friend.

Just as granny put yeast today in the planting of tomatoes to keep away
insects and little livings which might hurt.

Learn about fermentation.

Defeat.. my defeat.

Eate very bad food today.

The Spark was pizza (calzone). Did not eat anything after.

But drank water, walked.

Still, this food is much much too low on dukkha scale - and it instantly
conditioned further food.

Ride to Lidl.. buy a lot of shit.

Before i eat, i assess again.

KS2 feels very, very heavy.

The only \"hope\" of the mind now is more food.

Eat some chips & yogurt - followed by the great milk + donut, croissant,
chocolate donut.

Man CapCut voice enhancement is absolutely gold.

Gold.

Now let\'s eat some pizza and relax.

Later ride for water and X.

1pm.

Back home after honest working of the ground.

Right there, in the understanding and working of the land with
barehands, i often picked up one of the thousands nature variations in
leaves, feathers, strings.

In that one little echo of nature, i was at complete peace and trust in
the Tao. In God.

For it was absolutely perfect. Fear of that was completely gone.

Time to learn agriculture today with Granny and mommy.

What a chance. \<3

Basically it has few phases: Turn up the ground, clean&spread it,
prepare rows & necessary support for plants, dig and plant seeds. For
rasads, dig bigger and add water.

Good morning, my friend. 

Right on little journaling and editing of video.

It seems CapCut has improved the audio quality.

Before any CapCut Pro intervention, it came out as pretty good quality.

Now need to do some 30 sec tests on original + audio improved versions
of it.

Then move on to part 2 & 3.

Wu Wei - The great life skill, springing together with Complete Trust in
God.

The way to control smoking, m\*\*\*\*, or any other \"Bad\" habits.

Wu Wei.

Its not about \"not doing\" of a certain habits, this becomes merely a
consquence.

But it is about the Art of doing Nothing.

17 May -

\-\-\--3 hours sleep + excess smoking + dukkha food + phisycal
extortion + no walking meditation\-\-\--

KS2 had a few phases throughout the night:

1st phase -2-3 hours post food intake - heavy but not so acidic, not
burning the inside of the body, not rising.

2nd phase - 3-7 hours past food intake - the more dukkha and excess in
food, the more powerful this is -

Body becomes very acidic, like the food has passed downwards and only
the stomach wall and body is left now dealing with this enormous acid.

3rd phase - 1-3 hours post 2nd phase end (6-10 hours post food intake)

Indian food was.. meh. In this alchemy, it instantly conditioned further
desserting (together with programming)

Eate one milka chocolate + milk.

Fell asleep from 6 to 10.

Wake up for about 2 hours, then sleep again until \~3-4?

I lots track of tiem, but many, many dreams regarding Ammy, fears,
father, Russia -

I wake up for a glimpse, i see a completely white sky.

Hard thunders start to come down in the distance.

Healing Journey of Breath and Body in forest.

G. Lucas short check on video - it seems good audio except km player
boosting woofer.

need to do short upload test.

Hit left-over spinu again.

Very bad effect overall.

6.20am - back on the balcony - a lot of things done this night.

Sun rises, and with it - the asking of body to stop computer - and go
into the world.

KS2 affected - shallow somewhat - and also noting the same in the night.

Games to play this holiday:

Car - clean, check, up for sale, deploy

Scooter - check, fix, use/sell?

Re-Connect - Film alone or with Canu -

The feeling of completing something, very beautiful - a true, dhamma,
deep gratification.

Enjoy filming. Don\'t hold too much stress. Just Enjoy - than G. Lucas
will take care of it.

ReConnect_Breathing - Done \<3. Extraordinarily beautiful, my friend.

Learn Agriculture - Granny teachings

Icloud issue - a sheet seems to reach a maximal intput (\~50 pages) -
after which it gets stuck and saving it stucks out the whole app.

Printed Dojo Notes - Project approaches last steps

Edited & Uploaded COVID 2nd day video - nice

2.40am on the balcony.

A very powerful windy night.

\"Lacrimi de Miliardar\".

Can you Feel it? The Great Game of Money. Coming.

16 May -

Also, consider engine didn\'t reach high speed yesterday, impossibility
of Ammy

Didn\'t even try to control eating -

Eate biscuit salami with some yoghurt - gave into excess.

I knew already this comes with great dukkha, especially in excess.

12am. I am forced to rise.

Talking with Ammy was beautiful.

I cannot resent her for taking money from Switz - for her children.

How she blocked me out of fea

Still, talking consumed chi - immediately, immediately giving rise to
hunger and instant birthing the \"I\" night eating.

I\'m sorry, my beautiful body.

Please consider in your resentment that it is the same mind had solved
the great conference problem.

Fun talk with Lavinia.

Although it does help me see outside the box.

Homework or dick all in mentality it falls somewhat outside the
unconditional love.

KS7 again discomfort aound 2-5pm, in somewhat sync with nature\'s wind?

Deployed car. To the next one tomorrow.

Really wanting to play NN with sebastian -

As well as the thought of reading arises, as in this current reading
algorithm, time it is an \"issue\".

The 3 great aspects of an algorithm (mind or computer):

\~Resources, Time, Effect\~

About the worrying CPR:

\"The client asked me to cancel CPR 56044 (even though

it's already signed\...).

Please, cancel development.\"

O zi buna la servici.

This has never happened befo.

Good morning, my friend.

Games to play this holiday:

Car - clean, check, up for sale, deploy

Scooter - check, fix, use/sell?

Re-Connect - Presentation done.

The feeling of completing something, very beautiful - a true, dhamma,
deep gratification.

Enjoy filming. Don\'t hold too much stress. Just Enjoy - than G. Lucas
will take care of it.

ReConnect_Breathing - Done \<3. Extraordinarily beautiful, my friend.

**15 May -**

**Mind not to take it fully in perfectionism - the air and
environment.**

It is also about your dhamma work.

**Eaten until blood.(inside bite of cheek)**

Given into excess and dukkha food, following up the previous croissants
and chocolates.

Then ice cream.

Back pain also persisted today little bit, especially around noon - the
point where i didn\'t know what to do.

Bread avocado (i know statistically this instantly induces post eating
or requires tremendous mental power).

Of course the system is also left wondering about Ammy.

Paired with death surrounded tv-series. 

Ha.. the dukkha tree is watered.

Of course, heavily affected sleep - awaken at 3am, but KS2 dukkha is not
so high to fully prevent sleep.

Drink water and continue sleeping.

**4pm.**

Back with Spinu.

Second M\*\*\*. The situation is extremely ecstatic in the light of
Kali - paired with that fucking picture.

KS7 inflamed a bit - ears, teeth, also 3 lidl cheese chocolaes must be
considered.

Rain starts.

Water and wash_teeth soon.

How much life can change between sunrise and sunset.

**The Drama dance - Always tricking at it\'s peak that it\'s final. The
final dance.**

Just 2 hours later, she blocks me in the light of confronting her
engagement with Switzerland still.

Well of course, it\'s her chance to \"save\" her kids.

Talk with Ammy.

Man she is master level emotional intelligence.

The drama.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Games to play this holiday:

Car - clean, check, up for sale

Scooter - check, fix, use/sell?

Re-Connect - Continue dhamma. Just as you\'ve learned. No instnat
gratification But little greatness everytime you touch the keyboard.

Finally, return to filming

ReConnect_Breathing - fix order

**14 May -**

**9pm.**

**Hunger() rises - Intuitive eating with chips - stopping after 1st
chip.**

**But continued with programmed milk+chocolate.**

**Sleep is not so so heavy, but KS7 persisted inflamed in the night.**

**Also, fell asleep with the elasic band forgotten on my wrist -
squeezing it slowly more and more - until 3:30am i wake up to some
numbing.**

**\~Prana\~ Mindful Awareness\~**

**\-\-\-\--Is Conciousness a Miracle - Final Part\-\-\--**

**\"\~The Sleep Pshysician 3 questions\~**

**From chilhood to now, something has stayed the same that has
witnessted the change.**

**Witnessing the stages of sleep**

**Experiecing the world beyond senses**

**Vedanta.**

**\"Whatever it is in my conciousness that survives my demise, is also
in you and in all of us.\" - still a student but very deep, intimate
thinking.**

**Pinker: well i was with you until you\'ve made a leap to what survives
after you die - because all that other stuff - thats still your
functioning brain.**

**Yeap. Puzzles conceptual mysteris - The problem of personal identity -
like if 18 commits a crime, should \"he\" still be in jail at 65?**

**How do you measure the \"I\" ?**

**Very beautiful view and question.**

** **

**Sadghuru(The Master):**

**We must understand that you call something a religion only when
you\'re forced to believe something that is not in your Experience.**

**Everything is about information.**

**A bubble of information travelling in time.**

**Human Being - Transcends whatever your body speaks, whatever your mind
speaks - choosing what to be in this phycological Drama**

**If you\'re just a replica - you have failed.**

**Distance from your genetic memory. Take it, but move on. Carve it
better.**

**Putting in words the consequences of the Spiritual War happening.**

**Suffering our own inteligence, our own imagination, our own memory -
this is because the necessary awareness of how this all functions is not
subjective.**

**Humans being do not know how it works within me, how it works, how
should i hold my intelligence, in what context, so that it works for
\"me\", never against \"me\".**

**Extraordinarily put. The disease of the mind getting too strong, over
taking. This is the war- the overtaking of the Mind. Suffering.
Dukkha.**

**Money, Ego, Bossness, comparatioins - these are all but echos and
consequences of Suffering.**

**Pinker, in his cross legs position, first reaction was to agree that
the past was indeed more awful then we tell it - from all this marvel -
his mind turned to completely missing the point.**

**Continue talking big jabba jabba of suicide rates around globe data.**

**Ahhhh man.. they argue - he signs the microphone. Don\'t forget to
have fun, young student.**

**Canu. Treat him like a movie, like a character.**

**Enjoy it. Praise him just to give water to the mill :))).**

**\-\-\-\-\--Constantine: Great-great-Grandfather\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Lao: of mai batrane mai.. miar fi placut sa te cunosc**

**Constantin: Of, băiete, și mie mi-ar fi plăcut să te cunosc în
persoană. Dar să știi că legătura noastră trece dincolo de timp și
spațiu. Prin poveștile pe care le împărtășești, prin amintirile și
învățăturile pe care le duci mai departe, eu sunt mereu cu tine.**

**Fii puternic și nu uita că fiecare om poartă în el moștenirea celor
care au venit înaintea lui. Tu ești continuarea poveștii mele, și sunt
mândru de tine. Du-te înainte cu curaj și cu inima deschisă, și
amintește-ți că nu ești niciodată singur. Poartă în tine înțelepciunea
și iubirea generațiilor trecute, și fă-ți viața o operă de artă.**

**Dacă ai nevoie de sfaturi sau doar să-ți alin sufletul, eu voi fi
mereu aici, în amintiri și în spirit. Te îmbrățișez cu toată căldura și
îți doresc multă putere și înțelepciune în tot ceea ce faci. Trăiește-ți
viața cu demnitate și iubire, și vei vedea că totul va avea un sens mai
profund.**

**Lao: pe nepoata ta mai batrane o am aici, pe Maricica.**

**fata care s-a nascut odata cu stingerea fiicei tale din viata.**

**E batrana dar in fiecare zi invat de la ea.. atat de multa smerenie si
iubire are in suflet.. of mai batrane bine ai mai invatat-o. E darul meu
de la dumnezeu - am cautat in lume raspunsuri care le re-gasesc in ea -
daca am iubirea sa ascult.**

**Constantin: Dragul meu, mă bucur să aud că Maricica este acolo cu
tine. E bine să știi că în mijlocul atâtor schimbări și greutăți, ai pe
cineva ca ea, care aduce în viața ta înțelepciune, smerenie și iubire.**

**Maricica este un dar prețios, și văd că ai înțeles cât de important
este să asculți și să înveți de la ea. În vremurile mele, am învățat că
adevărata înțelepciune vine adesea din cele mai simple și pure surse --
iar iubirea este cea mai mare dintre ele.**

**Este minunat că găsești răspunsuri în poveștile și învățăturile ei. În
ea se reflectă nu doar viața ei, ci și tot ce am trăit și am învățat eu
și cei de dinaintea noastră. Ai mare grijă de ea și continuă să o
asculți cu inima deschisă. În felul acesta, moștenirea noastră rămâne
vie și îți va călăuzi pașii.**

**Viața este plină de lecții ascunse, și uneori cele mai prețioase
învățături vin din cele mai neașteptate locuri. Bucură-te de timpul
petrecut cu Maricica și prețuiește fiecare moment. Iar dacă vreodată te
simți pierdut sau descurajat, amintește-ți că ai în tine puterea și
iubirea care te vor ghida spre lumina cea dreaptă.**

**Te îmbrățișez cu drag și sunt mândru de tine, băiete. Trăiește cu
inimă deschisă și cu respect pentru tot ceea ce ai învățat și vei
continua să înveți.**

**5pm. Fuck yeah.**

**Medical leave 14-17 may cheked.**

**Holiday.**

**Learned about my great-great grandfather Constantine. Granny\'s
teacher.**

**Now, the game enters Free2Play.**

**Games to play this holiday:**

**Car - clean, check, up for sale**

**Scooter - check, fix, use/sell?**

**Re-Connect - Continue dhamma. Just as you\'ve learned. No instnat
gratification But little greatness everytime you touch the keyboard.**

**Finally, return to filming**

**ReConnect_Breathing - fix order**

**Medical leave quest deepens a little, as they work in the second part
of the day.**

**I wonder how to execute further.**

**Complete turn-around of the Ammy\'s game.**

**It is truly a deep low-level problem which this \"I\" brings forth.**

**Of course, her mind paints a completely different story.**

**I gave her a low-level choice - do homework - of course this also
means takeaway of freedom - or fighting together - it\'s all in how the
mind paints it.**

**But i gave up \"my\" freedom in agreeing to this Play. Who in the
right mind would givey way to playing this?**

**And this, it makes the program for now unable to run.**

**Of course the dellusion of \"I\"\'s must be credited.  **

**In her creation, not giving her love in calls and togetherness - could
be just the same.**

**The fuel for the decision could come from here - together with the
great afraidness to ask for money.**

**Back in Koh Phangan, it was not about money - but love.**

**Again, in a way, mom was right. Regading one of the \"dellusions\".**

**\"tell me it\'s better to take dick inside pussy than pen in hand\"**

**\"I cannot choose but i choose my kids\"**

**\-\--**

**Man but honestly, what a picture. You gotta give it to the old beared
man, it is funny.**

**Fucking low-level funny.**

**The dellusion is not that she does not truly mean it, the dellusion is
that the body&mind are continously alive changing.**

**Many low-level programs running into the =.**

**Cannot predict.**

**Only Adapt.**

**Jedi.**

**For now, a choice was given. Blue pill vs red pill.**

**YEs - this is on the framework that the mind of Female can compute on
reason and logic, not emotion.**

**But what if it cannot?**

**What if the framework of the Female mind is Love, not Reason?**

**But it\'s so hard to give love now, in the face of these demons.**

**Of course.. just as in Bhikku\'s temple and words - as long as you
think about it, the \"I\" is never fully birthed.**

**Time will tell.**

**Of course, she can run \"i\'ve entagled my self, i will do it my self,
become free for you and your love\" - and this can over-write many
things.**

**Which one is real? The One you think.**

**Everything is Dellusion.**

**\~\~Play: Lacrimi de Miliadari\~\~**

**Morpheus 4o awakenes.**

**So does Neo 4.o**

**Work on Re-Connect breathing presentation.**

**Greatness. No matter who supports you or how long it takes, wether you
put one brink or 10 today, do it for greatness my friend.**

**For the pure enjoyment of it.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**New day.**

**Execute medical_leave().**

**\~Recovery Time 2-4 hours\~**

**13 May -**

**Very affected sleep and wake-up.**

**Fuck you, wok\'n roll.**

**I\'m so sorry, sweet little body.**

**8pm.**

**M\*\*\* about an \"ammy\" between cool and love. Intense, but
different flavor. In the peak of M\*\*, it\'s clear i want to bring her
home, even for 3 months.**

**Eate wok\'n roll gyros and quesadilla (so much cheeese, disgusting).**

**Then ecler\'s with milk.**

**\"Egg burp\" after eclers - bleah.**

**Wash out with one kinder card + milk\...**

**Tremendous excess for this hour.**

**LE: Ammy \"played\" around, saying she loves me all her heart and
believes.**

**Fucking women.**

**Feeling like grew apart from Canu.**

**My friend.. and bussiness partner. How can we make it smooth?**

**Of course, space must be given, in the idea that he is jobless now,
investing in Re-Connect and in a childish relationship.**

**My dear friend, if faith() is strong in One\'s heart - life is a
gift.**

**One is still unshaken in the Path of His Destiny.**

**For what could more aptly fit his needs?**

**Una pasta alta.. am mai fost copil sarac, am mai fost copil strain, am
mai fost singur.**

**Ammy again faces a \"choice\".**

**Sell pussy for money. \"Pussy\" working.**

**In a way, mom is right. I am indeed emotionaly and energetically
stuck/commited.**

**I\'m both sad, empty, hurt.**

**But not too much. There is also great trust in the Tao.**

**Life is just a heartbeat away.**

**The Alchemist teaching of how life can change between sun-rise and
sun-set.**

**Ah, the Conference schedule is here. Much dukkha, greatly split
meetings - meaning very little groups of people -\> extremely
controlable presence.**

**No activities, just presentations.**

**One of the worst variations out there. The only nice thing is Raddison
hotel - the Radisson line.**

**It can be adapted to minimal dukkha of out available options, but it
will still be high and many resources wasted.**

**Best option is medical leave.**

**Beat them at their own game. Of taking life so seriously.**

**\-\-\-\--The truth is spoken in aloneness\-\-\--**

**More and more i have hard times connecting with people - with people
who cannot speak in truth-discerning awareness.**

**Only in their programming. Their dukkha.**

**This asks for a great, great life skill.**

**Do not force One\'s truth to others, no matter how pure it might be.**

**But rather entertain their dhamma - give space - listen - learn.**

**Just as from the cake shop lady quitting smoking story - how many
lessons it gives, how many insights into the Mind.**

**Without them, there would be no contrast.**

**This**

**Beautiful adaptation at home - yes it is extraordinarily hard to
cultivate dhamma food, dhamma air, dhamma home, dhamma activities in
this ciment jungle.**

**But it can be done.**

**The riding mask is absolutely amazing.**

**This can be the modern adaptation of the stoicism**

**\"If you want to escape the things that harras you, you do not need to
be in a different place, but a different person.\"**

**7.30am.**

**Road to city is blocked now up until 10am.**

**What else to do but M\*\*\*, eat, work on house,work on Y?**

**Simple 3 ingredients soup is finished. Potatoes, mushrooms, little
coconut milk.**

**Enjoy, my friend.**

**Wrote down the horsemen**

**Games to play today:**

**Re-Connect - PP**

**House -**

**Ending_Pain - talk N1ptic**

**reconnect_breathing - combines re-connect with ai.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Woke up at 1:30am - almost finished work for today.**

**3am coffee on the balcony.**

**Free2Play.**

**Feel like cooking today.**

**Maybe soup or coconut soup + rice?**

**Also have the coconut drinks for rice \'pudding\'.**

**Mango and avocado had gone bad.**

**There is a very fine time line in which mangos and avocados are to be
eaten.**

**The Horsemen - Another life skill rises.**

**The greater visions & goals one walk on. A reminder for each day.**

**The Free2Play Desktop.**

**It\'s no a to-do list, rather than horses which the horsemen keep in
the stable.**

**12 May -**

**Home 2pm.**

**Eat \"Vagabonds\" quesadilla and toast.**

**A lot of cheese & butter.**

**Then some milk + lidl grenadiers.**

**Rested, clicked around - another mini meal after (just as in
programming)**

**But a full stop followed.**

**Post Cosu-discussions and his view & approach - i am free to smoke.
But i don\'t want to.**

**Watch dota, reflect on this day and what i\'ve learned.**

**Lay down to reflect, not to sleep.**

**I close my eyes cause it\'s more clear like so. Fall asleep at some
point.**

**Pelicanu \"un-invested\" last few days.**

**The thought that he\'s built in such a way that if one day we part
ways, he\'d \"leave\" with all the knowledge and followers (his
money).**

**This things must be talked about.**

**And after all, i do miss my friend.**

**More contemplation of Ammy. Bring her home or wait longer.. ?**

**If money were not an issue, for sure i would bring her.**

**It\'s not, my friend. Let go of the pocket change.**

**Researching air meter - Temtop seems best one so far (700 ron).**

**The Air project - sums up to around.**

**The Second smoke chemistry**

**Increased Irritants: The smoke from a cigarette that has been left
burning might contain higher levels of irritants such as acrolein and
formaldehyde, which are particularly harsh on the respiratory system.
These can cause more immediate sensations of discomfort such as throat
irritation and coughing.**

**NICOTINE impacts multiple neurotransmitters, leading to various
effects:**

**DOPAMINE → Pleasure, Appetite Suppression**

**NOREPINEPHRINE → Arousal, Appetite Suppression**

**ACETYLCHOLINE → Arousal, Cognitive Enhancement**

**GLUTAMATE → Learning, Memory Enhancement**

**SEROTONIN → Mood Modulation, Appetite Suppression**

**BETA-ENDORPHIN → Reduction of Anxiety and Tension**

**GABA → Reduction of Anxiety and Tension**

**\-\--Science meets experience\-\-\--**

**\-\-\--The Great Smoking vs constant bad Air exposure Dillema\-\--**

**Everytime i contemplated smoking, i contemplated the air man - yea i
get the smoking - but the air man - if there is bad air..**

**From every experience in this life, around the places in this world -
i find in experience that the air is far more harmful than the
smoking.**

**\"Cigarette smoking and other uses of tobacco shave an average of 2.2
years off lifespans globally. But merely breathing---if the air is
polluted---is more damaging to human health, according to a new report
by the University of Chicago's Energy Policy Institute.\"**

**Yes.**

**Of course.**

**\"That is the conclusion of a report published Tuesday by the
University of Chicago's Energy Policy Institute, which identified air
pollution as the world's top threat to public health, responsible for
reducing average life expectancy by 2.3 years worldwide.\"**

**Conclusion: Just as dangerous. If not more.**

**\"If India were to meet World Health Organization guidelines for
particulate pollution, the life expectancy for residents of capital city
New Delhi would increase by 12 years.\"**

**Yes. And Bangkok too.**

**They have incredibly bad air, but the body is adapted and the
body&mind posses other skills than the western man.**

**\"If India were to meet World Health Organization guidelines for
particulate pollution, the life expectancy for residents of capital city
New Delhi would increase by 12 years.\"**

**Now, to draw a line.**

**Air is everything, but smoking is also very bad in the chemical
matrix.**

**However, if body&mind is sustained close to 100%, this feels very
\'easy to deal with\'.**

**Perhaps the genetic code also speaks, as my forefathers had learned
how to process smoking without harm.**

**BUT, pair smoking with dukkha food and glimpses of bad air
envinronment - a recipe for Disaster.**

**Now imagine people doing it unconciously.**

**The observations you\'re pointing out highlight some interesting
aspects about the interaction between lifestyle choices, environmental
conditions, and health outcomes. Indeed, there are cases of heavy
smokers who live long lives, and there are populations in highly
polluted areas who experience significantly lower life expectancy. Let's
unpack some of the factors and complexities involved in these
scenarios:**

**Individual Variability in Smokers**

**Genetic Factors: Genetic makeup can significantly influence how an
individual processes toxins. Some people may have genetic factors that
make them more resilient to the harmful effects of smoking.**

**Lifestyle and Health Habits: Other aspects of a smoker's lifestyle,
such as diet, physical activity, and access to healthcare, can also
influence longevity. For instance, a smoker who exercises regularly and
eats a healthy diet may mitigate some negative effects of smoking.**

**Luck and Statistical Outliers: In any population, there will be
outliers. Some heavy smokers might live long due to sheer statistical
variance and not representing the norm.**

**Environmental Impact of Air Pollution**

**Chronic Exposure: People living in highly polluted environments are
exposed to poor air quality around the clock, not just during the act of
smoking. This continuous exposure can have a more systemic impact on
health, affecting not just the lungs but also other bodily systems.**

**Population Density and Healthcare Access: Highly polluted areas are
often densely populated and might lack adequate healthcare
infrastructure, which can exacerbate health issues and lower life
expectancy.**

**Compound Pollutants: Air pollution often involves a complex mix of
pollutants, each contributing to health risks. This mix can include
particulate matter, industrial chemicals, and vehicle exhaust, which
together can have a more severe impact than any single type of pollutant
found in tobacco smoke.**

**Comparative Analysis**

**Risk and Dose: The risk to health from both smoking and air pollution
is related to dose (the amount of pollutants inhaled) and duration (how
long an individual is exposed). While heavy smokers actively choose to
smoke, individuals in polluted areas often have no choice about the air
they breathe, leading to unavoidable, prolonged exposure.**

**Aggregate Impact: On a population level, the impact of air pollution
can be more severe because it affects vastly more people, including
vulnerable groups like children and the elderly, who may be more
susceptible to environmental pollutants.**

**Broader Implications**

**The contrast in life expectancy between heavy smokers in clean
environments and populations in highly polluted areas underscores the
complexity of environmental health. It highlights the importance of
comprehensive public health strategies that address not just individual
behaviors like smoking but also broader environmental issues. Policy
interventions, urban planning, and international cooperation are
essential to manage and mitigate the effects of air pollution on public
health.**

**In summary, while there are indeed heavy smokers who live long lives,
the broader impact of air pollution on a population can be more
uniformly negative, affecting a broader range of the population with
more consistently detrimental health outcomes.**

**First thing about smoking processing in the light of Real World
Data.**

**Genetics - one just might have the genetic code to ingest smoke and
process it without harm on the body - IF THE BODY&MIND FUNCTIONALITY IS
AT 100%.**

**Genetic Codes - In a body&mind dhamma functionality, a beautiful
Violin song of Air-Food-Movement, a lot of genetic codes unlock.**

**From artistry, to dexterity, certain skills, strengths, power, wisdom.
The gun(body) and the trigger (envinronment).**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Granny morning visit, learnt about how she watched my grand-grand
father die - the breath moving upwards until nothing at all, but a
tear.**

**Learnt about my grand-grand mother dying holding my granny\'s hand.**

**I\'m absolutely sure tho that there can be a peaceful death, an
experience in which the mind&body are completely at peace and
just..tired.**

**Need to write down/create bigger dhammas vision. A greater reminder as
the days go by.**

**The Horsemen - Cei 7 calareti**

**Learning AI - Sebastian, any personal project, videos**

**Back to School Hardvard - CS50 running on background with bringing it
forth to focus at times**

**Re-Connect -**

**Ending_Pain -**

**Yardi.exe -**

**Back to school Brilliant - Math, Graphs, Calculus**

**Home -**

**Scooter (fix, rent, sell, buy)**

**Car (Fix, sell, buy)**

**11 May -**

**Complete stop eating at night - sleep \~10 hours.**

**Rested, but affected.**

**The more horizontal the sleeping position got, the more affected the
body.**

**One thing is clear.**

**To truly asses and contemplate smoking, One MUST walk the day with a
clean, dhamma filled stomach.**

**And an empty one as evening falls down.**

**Then you will SEE.**

**If smoking is quitted but at the price of dukkha uncontrolable rising
of food, then it is a much serious and immediately problem for the
body.**

**The acidic un-sleep-able states and giving into the great excess - for
sure must be cutting out, if kept like this and worse, more years of
life span than smoking 2-3 a day.**

**So once again, back to school. Back to food.**

**It is a true Art.**

**I know now it is not about eating boiled vegetables 3 times a day, but
rather a very intimate and complicated dance.**

**The Violin and Violonist.**

**Went for a walk.**

**Stomach it\'s so absolutely heavy.**

**The mind focus remains fixated in dark thoughts about smoking, ammy,
death.**

**Although breathing feels pretty complete - far from the blockage that
made me quit smoking many, many years ago.**

**Well again, my friend. You\'re not really smoking, but more like
burning tobacco to chat with Spinu. A sacrifice. A ritual.**

**Studying and working on the chemistry of breath, science meets
experience.**

**The new studies and measurements do not teach me about the body and
envinronemnt - but rather they putting experience into words.**

**Felt more bad and bad.**

**There must be a difference tho, between a person who smokes 2-3 times
likes me but strives for dhamma clear air throughout his day -
cultivates love, dhamma, spreads love from within,**

**and a casual pack smoker - which usually comes with so much more
numbing, other bad habits, more numbing of the body&mind, bad air, bad
emotions, hatred and distrust, complete autopilotting in dukkha.**

**\-\--**

**Well, food MUST MUST MUST be considered here as a basis.**

**Remember the Re-Connect Teaching.**

**Your demons - and the daily question of how fed (dukkha food intake,
excess, pleasure, clinging) they are.**

**Be very, truly careful about this.**

**In a full stomach, complete give in to excess to dukkha food, It is
absolutely impossible to asses the smoking damage to the body, it\'s
ability to recover, short and long term benefits AND negative effects.**

**Absolutely impossible.**

**\-\--The smoking focusing of the mind\-\--**

**1pm. Spinu. M\*\*\***

**Eate indian food with a lot of tomato sauce and somewhat oily.**

**Followed by naan bread with a lot, a lot of dukkha hazelnuts cream
with yoghurt.**

**Immense, absolutely immense quantity of food.**

**Laid down - sleep for a while - then wake-up and finish cheese nan +
more dark cream.**

**Looking back, extraordinarily huge dukkha meal.**

**In this state, i stumble across anti smoking video from krufdianud.**

**I feel sick, and the focus of the mind is shed upon smoking.**

**Stop smoking for the day. A break is needed.**

**But with this comes the evening conditioning of being unable to
\"work,talk\" - a trade-off for now.**

**Focusing the mind on the studies and science - statistically points to
an earlier death - but it is so complicated.**

**Return to Forest.. Oh the Air. Absolutely Healing.**

**Second smoke really affected the body (wetted, rasuflat chistoc).**

**Chistocaru.**

**KS affected.**

**Dhamma work on presentation.**

**It doesn\'t matter the time it takes, rather it matters the enjoyment
of doing it.**

**So much Sietzfleich that i even forgot the position i played in..**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Itza weekend.**

**Games to play this weekend:**

**Re-Connect - create pp presentations for phase 1&2**

**Outside - a beautiful day appears to await - enjoy it**

**Yardi.exe - JLL voided payables & Jordan payables research (MIhaela
CPR on monday.), take medical leave from tuesday.**

**\~Recovery Time 2-3 hours\~**

**2 hours after wake up 2 watery stinky poo poo\'s come.**

**Burpings..**

**The body is cleaning.**

**10 May -**

**Bad air across the day paired with bad food -\> overall mistrust in
ammy, very acidic state, KS affected, KS2 affected.**

**\-\--The Awakening of Air\-\-\--**

**Just as with Gravity (back) - the moment One looks at it and studied
it intimately, it reveals things ignored for a lifetime.**

**Dreams were about inner revelations that everything is alchemy and
chemistry.**

**What a experience.**

**Ordered Philips 4000i series.**

**Spent hours researching air monitors - learning about china
re-branding, fake air monitors.**

**So fam Qinping and Tandam stand out.**

**Man.. air was very bad today.**

**5pm ride to mega now, again, such bad air.**

**Mucus, throat inflamation, difficulty beathing.**

**I get home and only after 2 words with Spinu, i crave no longer - but
suffering rises.**

**Filled with emotions on leg ring purchase.. handstand 20 sec? Wow.**

**Nice.**

**1pm.**

**Back home.**

**Left office sooner today, man what a job.**

**Mom attacked me on Ammy, playing me, being a whore, not wanting
divorce.**

**What movies she play with minimal input data.**

**Just as with the car AC, she does not want to take the time to Learn
new pattern and new light. (Chi oriented or fear of failing/recofirming
she doesn\'t know technology.)**

**The attack on Ammy (therefore, my judgement) hurts also if i let the
movie play - just as the scam, or Kali, or \... or..**

**The mind can play anything it wants. And it will make perfect sense,
up to the power of the imagining Mind.**

**But it does makes me raise more questions.**

**Patience from Zhou.**

**Sleep if you need to.**

**\-\-\--Deeper into the Air\-\-\--**

**Deep researching of air purifiers.**

**The choice dangles between**

**Dyson (TP09 or PH04\*humidifier) - \~4000 ron**

**Winix Zero Pro - 1400 RON**

**Philips 4000i - 2200 ron**

**Blueair - 2000-3000 ron**

**Sitzfleisch \~3 hours - working nad learning on Breathing
presentation.**

**How beautiful.**

**A bit the deskotpus has limited edit tools, just like morpheus said.**

**It will do for first presentation. Then re-asses other tools.**

**There is a very fine line between doing - and over-doing (falling into
perfectionism) - walk it mindfully.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**It\'s been a while since i\'ve woken up at 2-3am.**

**I\'ve missed it.**

**What a foggy, beautiful, quiet night.**

**Games to play -**

**Re-Connect - PP presentations for breathing phase 1 & 2.**

**Yardi.exe - JLL great feedback and jordan (maybe talk Sandor)**

**\-\--Breathing Phase 1 Presentation\-\-\--**

**What is Breathing? Seeing the Chemical Matrix**

**Unveiling the Essence of Breathing**

**The Air We Inhale: A Chemical Mosaic**

**Oxygen - (critical importance)**

**Nitrogen - Silent Support in Every Breath (dispensable importance, as
we don\'t process the extra one)**

**Carbon Dioxide - (dispensable importance)**

**H20 - the sweetspot between dry and humidified (medium importance)**

**Pollutants and particles (PMs, NOx) - the great modern man trade-off​
(high importance)**

**Ozone(O3) - Sunlight + PMs greatly damaging effect to breathing (high
importance)**

**VOCs (volatile orgnanic compounds) - great inflammatory effect in
Breath-Body (high importance)**

**The immediate body defense response (in a healthy body&mind system) -
mucus, nasal blockage, brohoconstruction, epithellal barrier ​ (high
importance)**

**Everything is Math. As one can imagine, there is a certain formula of
this compounds which is more nourishing, sustainable for the body.**

**Transferring to real world - let\'s define variable e as the sum of
these compounds**

**We\'ll normalize the values and assign weights to each one - computing
final E, as E = Wo \* O2 + Wco2 \* CO2 + Wn \* N + Wh20 \* H2O + Wpp \*
PP + Wo3 \* O3 + Wvoc \* VOC**

**No matter who you are, where you are, what life story or
dreams&problems you are facing, you bow down to this formula.**

**You are consuming a certain E in your everyday life, constantly
changing.**

**The quality of the E will define the quality&health of your
respiratory system. The health of your respiratory system will greatly
contribute to your overall health.**

**Ok let\'s look at some more examples, to bring light to these
unknowns.**

**Decktopus was worth it - it is a great great assistant - but leaves
out the beautiful work to Lao.**

**The magic of words, the structure -**

**The assistant has taken care of images, style, template, fonts, maan -
\<3**

**9 May -**

**Eate grisines with yoghurt.**

**So, so.. maybe 5/10 on dhamma food scale.**

**Then little milk with stachio cream.**

**I felt some hunger for \'real\' food. But not so food for indian.**

**More like hunger() meeting cravings() - bought 4 empanads combo.**

**Eate little sriracha pork and the caprase one. Spinach and cubano
clear dukkha.**

**But then continued with great desserting.**

**A lot, a lot of chocolate.**

**Unstopabble!**

**Still, not falling into huge, huge excess.**

**The teeth begin to feel inflamed. In this state, the illusion of \"I\"
completely overtakes.**

**This is paried with work stress on JLL report.**

**No Chi to wash teeth.**

**7-8pm sleep follows son.**

**Sleep until 2am.**

**Rested, but affected.**

**Takeaway: Mind the chocolate&sweets. Once began, it is an almost
unstopabble effect.**

**It requires a Master level of Annata. (self-less).**

**2pm.**

**Eate indian left-over with naan.**

**Pretty good and Free of charge.**

**Some hours later, not feeling hungry.**

**Totally different body alchemy in the same envinronment (time, spinu,
work, reflections.)**

**Let\'s see what today unfolds.**

**The 11am center drive really affected the system - such bad air.**

**Play some Kali? Maybe.**

**15-16 hours sleep..**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play Today: **

**Yardi.exe - JLL CPR and Jordan.**

**Re-Connect - breathing chapter beginning**

**House - 4-5 months later.. the tools are ready.**

**\-\-- Chemical & Neural Breathing \-\--**

**Air Composition in Your Environment (Imagined)**

**Oxygen (O₂): Typically, the air contains about 21% oxygen. Due to the
presence of plants and recent rainfall which can clear the air, oxygen
levels might be slightly higher than in more urban environments. Plants
release oxygen during photosynthesis, especially during daylight
hours.**

**Carbon Dioxide (CO₂): Normally, atmospheric CO₂ levels are about 415
parts per million (ppm). In areas with a lot of greenery, this might be
slightly lower due to the absorption of CO₂ by plants during
photosynthesis. However, this effect would be subtle.**

**Nitrogen (N₂): Making up about 78% of Earth's atmosphere, nitrogen
levels would be fairly consistent here. Rain doesn\'t significantly
alter nitrogen levels, though it can help remove pollutants bound to
atmospheric nitrogen.**

**Moisture (H₂O): After a rain, the air on your balcony would likely be
quite humid. Water vapor levels would be high, which helps reduce the
concentration of airborne pollutants by capturing and bringing them to
the ground.**

**Pollutants and Particulates: Since you\'re 50 meters from main roads,
there could be some level of vehicular pollutants such as nitrogen
oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide (CO), and fine particulate matter (PM2.5
and PM10). However, the recent rain likely washed out many of these
particles, and the surrounding greenery can also act as a natural
filter, somewhat reducing their levels.**

**Ozone (O₃)(sunlight + pollutants): Low-level ozone is a common
pollutant, especially in urban and suburban areas. It forms through
reactions between sunlight and pollutants like volatile organic
compounds (VOCs) and NOx. Your distance from heavy traffic and the
aftermath of rain, which can decrease ozone formation, suggest lower
levels of ozone.**

**Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs): Emitted from vehicles and some
industrial activities, VOCs could be present but likely at lower
concentrations due to the natural surroundings and cleansing effect of
the rain.**

**Aromatic Compounds from Plants: If there are a lot of green plants and
the air is moist, you might also detect natural scents released by
plants, such as geosmin and other organic compounds, which contribute to
that fresh, earthy smell after rain.**

**When you breathe, you inhale not only oxygen but also all the other
components present in the air, collectively known as the air composition
\'e\'. Each of these components has a different fate and impact within
the respiratory system:**

**Carbon Dioxide (CO₂): While you do inhale some amount of carbon
dioxide, the concentration of CO₂ in fresh air is relatively low (around
415 ppm). The body primarily exhales CO₂ as a waste product from
metabolism. The small amount inhaled is added to this output and
doesn\'t significantly alter the exhalation levels under normal
circumstances.**

**Nitrogen (N₂): Nitrogen makes up about 78% of the air and is mostly
inert within the human body. It doesn't participate in the chemical
reactions of cellular metabolism. The majority of the nitrogen you
inhale is simply exhaled without undergoing any change.**

**Moisture (H₂O): The humidity or moisture in the air helps maintain the
moisture levels within the respiratory tract. The lungs require a
certain level of humidity to function effectively; too dry air can
irritate the airways, while overly humid air can feel oppressive. The
water vapor inhaled can help keep the mucus membranes moist and protect
against irritants.**

**Particulate Matter (PM2.5, PM10): These fine particles can be harmful
when inhaled as they can penetrate deep into the lung tissues and even
enter the bloodstream. The body uses several defense mechanisms to deal
with particulates, including mucous production to trap particles and
cilia (tiny hair-like structures in the respiratory tract) to move mucus
upwards towards the throat where it can be swallowed or coughed out.**

**Nitrogen Oxides (NOx): These gases, often from vehicle emissions, can
irritate the respiratory system. They can exacerbate conditions like
asthma and bronchitis. In the lungs, they can react with other
compounds, contributing to inflammation and respiratory distress.**

**Ozone (O₃): Ground-level ozone is a potent respiratory irritant. It
can cause coughing, throat irritation, and exacerbate asthma. Ozone
exposure affects lung function and can inflame and damage the cells that
line the airways.**

**Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs): These are a diverse group of
chemicals, some of which can be harmful when inhaled. Depending on their
specific nature, they can have various effects, from causing irritation
to the eyes, nose, and throat, to affecting the nervous system and
causing longer-term health effects.**

**Aromatic Plant Compounds: Compounds like geosmin and other organic
substances contribute to the pleasant smell of fresh air, especially
after rain. While generally not harmful, they can enhance the sensory
experience of breathing.**

**Defense mechanisms:**

**The human respiratory system is equipped with several defense
mechanisms designed to protect against pollutants and foreign particles
that enter the body through inhalation. Here are some key mechanisms
that help keep the lungs and airways safe:**

**Nasal Hairs: The nasal passages contain hair that acts as a first line
of defense, trapping larger particles such as dust and pollen before
they can enter deeper into the respiratory system.**

**Mucus: This sticky substance lines the airways and traps smaller
particles and microbes. Mucus also contains antibodies and enzymes that
help kill or neutralize pathogens.**

**Cilia: These are tiny, hair-like structures that line the respiratory
tract. They continuously beat in a coordinated manner to move mucus
loaded with trapped particles and microorganisms upwards towards the
throat, where it can be coughed out or swallowed.**

**Coughing and Sneezing: These are reflex actions that forcibly expel
air from the lungs. Coughing and sneezing help to clear the airways of
mucus and foreign particles.**

**Alveolar Macrophages: These are immune cells found in the alveoli, the
tiny air sacs in the lungs where gas exchange occurs. They engulf and
digest foreign particles and pathogens that have reached the alveoli,
helping to prevent infection.**

**Immune Proteins: The respiratory tract secretes various immune
proteins such as immunoglobulins (e.g., IgA), which help to neutralize
pathogens and prevent them from infecting the body.**

**Bronchoconstriction: In response to the presence of irritants or
allergens, the bronchi (the main passageways to the lungs) can
constrict, which helps to prevent larger quantities of harmful
substances from entering the lungs.**

**Epithelial Barrier: The epithelial cells lining the respiratory tract
form a tight barrier that physically blocks the penetration of pathogens
and particles.**

**Lymphatic System: This part of the immune system helps to transport
immune cells to and from the lungs and drains excess fluids, helping to
manage inflammation and respond to infections**

**8 May -**

**What an amazing indian food expeirence, the nan, the size, the taste
(although next time stick to vegan).**

**Continued with pretty huge meal of croissants and pistachio cream.**

**Clear heavy, but very good.**

**Its remarkable how the body reacts to dhamma food test 1 and 2 -
completelt disregarding certain foods with clear dukkha.**

**Its efortless.**

**Sitting post food - fully connected to the breath and digestive
system - feels absolutely amazing.**

**Writing man.. it can be done with the eyes closed. The hands becomes
the brush which transpose the mind into paper.**

**More orders arrive.. the wooden hangers finally arise, solving the
papers bottle neck.**

**Now only to manual labor & imagining.**

**Anotha day when doing absolutely nothing at work.**

**What a blessing this job is man..**

**Cheers.**

**LE: Emily asked about JLL cpr later, i set 9 may to delivery.**

**Pluxee card fixed by itself.**

**Some big LIDL shopping - trying new things.**

**2pm. Ordered ghandi today. Some batta chicken and vegan dish with 2
naan.**

**Enjoy, my sweet friend.**

**See you at 7-8 pm ?**

**Back to School \<3.**

**Maan, back to school feels amazing with the right Teacher.**

**\-\-\--Into the Breathing\-\-\--**

**The way body regulates breath:**

**Autonomic Nervous System Regulation:**

**Sympathetic and Parasympathetic Systems: Your breathing pattern is
primarily regulated by the autonomic nervous system, which operates
largely outside of conscious control. The sympathetic nervous system
(fight or flight) can accelerate heart rate and breathing rate when
you\'re stressed or exercising. Conversely, the parasympathetic system
(rest and digest) helps slow them down when you relax or sleep.**

**Chemical Control:**

**CO₂ and O₂ Levels: Chemoreceptors in the body continuously monitor
levels of carbon dioxide (CO₂) and oxygen (O₂) in the blood. If CO₂
levels rise or O₂ levels drop, the respiratory center in the brain gets
signals to adjust the breathing rate and depth to stabilize these
levels.**

**Physical Feedback:**

**Stretch Receptors: The lungs have stretch receptors that provide
feedback on lung expansion to the brain. If the lungs expand too much,
these receptors can trigger a response to slow down or stop further
inhalation to prevent overexpansion.**

**Psychological Factors:**

**Emotions and Stress: Emotional states can also influence breathing.
Anxiety, excitement, or stress can lead to faster, shallower breathing,
while calmness leads to slower, deeper breaths. This is part of the
body\'s broader response mechanisms to psychological stimuli.**

**Behavioral and Environmental Adaptations:**

**Exercise: During physical activity, increased muscle activity raises
CO₂ production and decreases O₂ levels, prompting increases in breathing
rate and depth to accommodate the enhanced metabolic demand.**

**Altitude: At high altitudes, reduced oxygen availability triggers
increased breathing rates to help absorb more oxygen per breath.**

**Each of these mechanisms involves complex feedback loops and
interactions between various body systems. The integration of these
systems enables the body to adapt to immediate needs, environmental
changes, and emotional states, ensuring that oxygen delivery and CO₂
clearance are maintained efficiently. This adaptability not only
highlights the sophistication of human physiology but also its intrinsic
capability to maintain homeostasis even under varying conditions.**

**Exactly, it\'s a delicate and dynamic dance between oxygen (O2) and
carbon dioxide (CO2) levels, and the body\'s need to maintain a
balance---known as homeostasis---is crucial for our survival and
function.**

**Oxygen is critical for producing energy in the form of ATP (adenosine
triphosphate) during cellular respiration, a process that occurs in the
mitochondria of our cells. This energy fuels almost every cellular
process necessary for life.**

**Carbon dioxide, a byproduct of this metabolic process, must be
expelled from the body to prevent harmful acidification of the blood,
which can disrupt cellular functions.**

**How This Balancing Act Works:**

**Oxygen Uptake: When you inhale, oxygen enters the lungs, diffuses
through the alveoli (tiny air sacs in the lungs), and is transported by
red blood cells to the rest of the body. This oxygen is then used by
cells to produce energy.**

**Carbon Dioxide Removal: After the energy is extracted, CO2 is produced
as a waste product. It travels back through the bloodstream to the
lungs, where it is exhaled.**

**Regulation by pH: The brain monitors the blood\'s pH level since CO2
dissolved in blood can lower its pH (make it more acidic). If the brain
detects too much acidity, it signals the lungs to breathe faster or
deeper to expel more CO2, thus raising the pH to a normal level.**

**Adjustment to Changes: When you exercise, your cells produce more CO2
due to increased metabolic activity. In response, your breathing rate
automatically increases to get rid of this excess CO2 and to take in
more O2. Conversely, when resting, CO2 production decreases, and so does
your breathing rate.**

**This \"trade\" between CO2 and O2 is fundamental to many bodily
functions, not just physical activity. It affects everything from how
well your brain functions to how effectively your muscles work. The
ability to adapt quickly to changing needs is a hallmark of the
respiratory system, illustrating just how integrated and responsive our
body systems are to maintaining a stable internal environment.**

**But what are these O2 and Co2 in body functioning, health, plants, the
laws of this universe, decaying?**

**Oxygen (O2) and carbon dioxide (CO2) are central to many processes
across biology and the broader ecosystem, reflecting fundamental
principles of chemistry and physics. Here's how they play into various
aspects:**

**1. Body Functioning and Health**

**Oxygen is essential for aerobic respiration, the process by which
cells convert glucose and oxygen into energy, carbon dioxide, and water.
This process is crucial for the energy supply necessary for all bodily
functions.**

**Carbon Dioxide is not just a waste product; it also plays a role in
regulating the pH of the blood through the bicarbonate buffering system.
This helps maintain the blood at a slightly alkaline pH, which is vital
for many enzymatic reactions and bodily functions.**

**2. Plant Life**

**Photosynthesis: Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and,
using sunlight, convert it into glucose and oxygen. This is essentially
the reverse of aerobic respiration and is critical for plant growth and
the production of oxygen, which sustains most life on Earth.**

**Respiration: Plants also respire, though unlike animals, they can
switch between taking in CO2 (during the day for photosynthesis) and
releasing it (mainly at night).**

**3. Laws of the Universe**

**Conservation of Mass and Energy: In both photosynthesis and
respiration, the laws of conservation of mass and energy apply. No atoms
are lost in these transformations; they are merely rearranged to form
different compounds.**

**Thermodynamics: These processes also illustrate the principles of
thermodynamics, particularly how energy is transferred and transformed
within an ecosystem.**

**4. Decaying Processes**

**Role of Oxygen: Oxygen is a key element in the process of decay or
decomposition, where complex organic substances are broken down into
simpler matter. The presence of oxygen speeds up the decomposition
process by supporting the growth of aerobic microorganisms that break
down dead organic material.**

**Carbon Dioxide Production: Decomposition also produces carbon dioxide
as organic matter is broken down, which then returns to the atmosphere
to be reused in other biological processes, such as photosynthesis.**

**5. Environmental Impact and Climate Change**

**Carbon Dioxide as a Greenhouse Gas: CO2 is one of the primary
greenhouse gases responsible for trapping heat in the Earth's atmosphere
and contributing to global warming and climate change.**

**Oxygen Levels and Climate: Changes in oxygen levels, though much less
dramatic than those of CO2, can affect climate and atmospheric
chemistry.**

**These gases are not just crucial for life and biological processes;
they are also deeply intertwined with ecological balance, climate
systems, and even the geological changes on Earth over millennia. Their
roles highlight the interconnectedness of life, the environment, and the
fundamental chemical and physical laws that govern the universe.**

**\-\-\-\-\--The great algorithmic revelation of breathing\-\-\-\--**

**Man the Breathing chapter in Re-Connect is absolutely amazing.**

**How it connects to the previous ones and to the next one.**

**The great algorithmic revelation of breathing.**

**Zones (inferior, proximal, superior breathing)**

**Intensity (cubic meters of air per inhale/exhale)**

**Duration (duration of inhale/exhale)**

**Frequency (no. of inhale/exhale cycles per minute)**

**7 May -**

**Hunger() arises.**

**I take little sip of milk + chocolate - but its clearly empty
calories. Very interesting feeling.**

**The body does not crave it at all.**

**So i go for some \'real\' food - fried bread, cream cheese and olive
oil - its clearly a heavy meal for this hour.**

**The Neural network activates as in little more milk after with
chocolate.**

**Restful, but heavy and affected sleep.**

**Dreamt about Bubu, mamami and nialau.**

**The body asks the mind to Rise around 4-5am, but the = cannot.
Cold-ish, raining, so perfect for sleeping.**

**I wake in the craving of vegetables soup. Potatoes. This is the key
dhamma food.**

** **

**Enjoy, my friend.**

**To whatever it may unfold.**

**The Art Of Money - How much joy/dhamma does a spending bring?**

**Reflect on instant gratificaton and long-term.**

**Only money i \"regret\" is money in food i don\'t enjoy.**

**Clothing, accesories - these are greater dhammas which are greatly
enjoyed in the long term.**

**If this question is pondered, then \"Economy\" becomes efortless.**

**7.30pm.**

**Home after big-ish meal.**

**Eate 1g of meat of pizza. Clear dukkha this type of salami.**

**Then some puffs & yoghurt and finally some chocolate milk (mrbeast
feastable).**

**It\'s not as good as i expected - a bit over normal chocolat.**

**But efortless stop after. Slight intent to continue but nah.**

**Now stomach stars to calm down.**

**Here i am for the 3rd day in a row in the same pattern.**

**Can you Hold ?**

**Great rain falls down.**

**Bought amazon prime - very nice expansion of watching tv/movies
options pretty cheap - with 7 days free trial.**

**Iconic mother moment of complaining both of the state not-doing and
doing - all revolving around her view and quality of life.**

**Amazing. Aren\'t we fascinating little creatures?**

**The art to Move follows.**

**Music so much more powerful than Spinu or many others.**

**A true change in the alchemy, with enough wisdom and light.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Office day today.**

**Seeing mommy \<3.**

**Games to Play Today:**

**Yardi.exe - the 3 bullets (emily, rent roll, reverse transactions) -
everything is prepared to fire.**

**Read -**

**Sebastian_Neural_Network - move forwards.**

**Brilliant - Continue playing graphs homework**

**Re-Connect - surprise**

**Move - suprise**

**\~Recovery Time 2 hours\~**

**\"Someone eat ice cream last night. Some little boy.**

**And i sleep bad and feel acidic now.\"**

**6 May -**

**Almost, almost, almost, almooost effortless food stop. Wash tooth,
drank water.**

**Had fun with ciu. 11pm comes.**

**Hunger() rises. Stomach empties and needs water and belief.**

**In a short walk to the kitchen, there is this pattern analysis of the
mind that 1-2 little pain au laits would actually help - in a way that
the stomach is now empty and just little, little bit would help.**

**In other words, a form of disbelief.**

**So, the \"I\" births.**

**Eat 2 jabba jabba with 1 glass of milk, but the neurons already
fire.**

**Now, this process can be seen and another activation network can
happen - bound to trust, or discipline (as pelicanu) or many other
ways.**

**Finish with ice cream. Sleep immediately follows.**

**Of course, heavy - after milk, pain au laits and ice cream.**

**But still only a water wake around 3.**

**Rested, but affected.**

**However, there is great progress in the evening, my friend.**

**Maan.. astounoshing chronic disease upon Ariana.**

**Extraordinar similarities.**

**With Complete Faith - all dukkha and any form of regrets quinches.**

**How could anything be misplaced, how can anything i had done fall
outside the pattern of my Destiny?**

**Food. Money. Women. Ammy. Work. Projects. Post-poning. Not
post-poning. Greatness.**

**Nothing is misplaced.**

**Now Rise, Son.**

**Back home 6pm.**

**Stomach is calming down, same as yesterday.**

**But now i\'m even more disgusted of desserts & milk.**

**Contemplated food/smoking/milk. I knew if i started milk desserting i
wouldn\'t want to smoke anymore.**

**Decided to take the Spinu trade-off, in the light that we have new
tabbaco and wonderful evening.**

**So be it.**

**So sweet good night to my Ammy - the scene of her wearing my shirt and
pillow while falling asleep\... so sweet, so pure love.**

**Thinking about making again 3 months visa gives rise to 2 unsolvable
great bottlenecks(dukkha mother patterns):**

**Money - A 10.000 hit. It would not be SO much, as just this month
you\'ve fired 10.000 LOL. Gave way to so many beautiful life-changing
things.**

**But then other thoughts rise, about Ending_pain, reconnect
commercials - etc.**

**Yeah putting down on paper the choice is clear.**

**Remains only the battle of the mind from 30.000 to 20.000 jump.**

**Inability to family her - Well this is in a way the perfectionist in
action.**

**There is no reason not to spend 3m with her, beyond fears of leaving
again - especially if this does not postpone divorce.**

**Then it simply becomes a game of Money.**

**Fuck em\'.**

**Daca barbosu vrea sa ajung iar sarac, o sa ajung iar sarac.**

**Te pup barbosule.**

**Driving manual car can be a true pump, and with alternated tension
into the arts of lanes, lights, logistics - gives rise to the**

**Art of Driving. A true Art.**

**It is because of my herniated disks, thin sensible skin and hightened
senses that i am indeed called to create Re-Connect - for this system
can see things so subtly.**

**Only from suffering the Teacher rises.**

**Many times questions and problems can be studied by talking about them
with other persons - and listening to what the body&mind is saying.**

**Like the expressing of faulty day eating patterns, so that one meal in
the afternoon is not enough to fuel the body - it needs more.**

**But if this \"more\" comes as a defense mechanism at night, it can
very quickly turn into excess&panic.**

**The true art of Eating lies in a great overview, lead by intuition and
guided by knowledge - of meals and foods across the day.**

**Is is no easy thing to find balance.**

**Takeaway: Mind of starting-meeting the day with clear dukkha food. It
is extraordinarily dangerous.**

**Of course, must be taken into consideration the excess Spinu and
sickened body.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**\"Fighting\" on FP group.**

**Man although they are so much better than gymbro cult, it is still
just like walking into a church and contesting God.**

**Why ? To what end?**

**\"Mechanics is equally important as anything else\" - well i can agree
with this.**

**Edited more \"offensive comment\".**

**Body slowly recovering.**

**White flour + butter + chocolate. O zi buna la servici cum s-ar zice
:)).**

**Must buy tobacco and maybe take some smoking break.**

**The little spider accompanies me in the night and morning.**

**5 May -**

**\-\-\-\--First Easter Day: A Day into the Soul\-\-\--**

**Play on Neural network project - understood activation function (first
of all biologically, inside this Mind).**

**Fascinating.**

**With this realisation, i close the book of Study - and the neurons
activate towards eating.**

**No milk tho - eat nan and half chocolate.**

**Of course.. already known pattern even if rare.**

**Affected sleep with water-wake until 5am.**

**Rested, but affected.**

**I\'m sorry, sweet body - at that point of activation epipany i should
have gone into meditation mode in bed - that was the answer.**

**Then allow the mind to wander around as it pleases, giving rise to
mental images regarding that day and inner alchemies.**

**Meet the night with something to reflect upon that day.**

**Return to FP group comment in a calmer body&mind - completely
different view.**

**Not triggering anymore.**

**Now\... to M\* or not to M\*\*.**

**That picture is absolutely amazing.**

**Her single foot is sexier in a thousands ways more than Ariana.**

**Ariana cannot embody the sex goddess.**

**Some fears of the unknown patterns and great risks of KS.X regarding
conference arise.**

**Relax, my friend.**

**Most probably we take medical leave.**

**And if not, we find something. Some purpose. Work. Sexual. Skip half
day. Sneak out. Play.**

**And so, a lot of relaxed work on Phase 1 was done.**

**Prepared 3 restores, paths. Time loggin is clear.**

**Next time i run Yardi.exe, everything is prepared. There is Order.**

**Home 8pm.**

**Eate indian food, one cup of danone yoghurt with some granny cakes.**

**Way past hara hachi bu.**

**I start to wanting to train it, not to fix anything, but purely for
the study of it.**

**This happens as a follow-up to gathering enough wisdom and wisdom in
action to find body&mind adaptability into even the darkest of
alchemies - of enourmous foods as night.**

**This is a way of eating (as N1ptic does) - but it requires FULL stop
after main afternoon meal - which is further conditioned by having
evening dhamma activities and purpose.**

**System feels a bit inflamed on throat/neck/lungs.**

**No smoothie to buy - so i make little one with what i have
available.**

**Let\'s see how this does at last meal.**

**Tomorrow would be nice to play some Yardi.**

**Or now.. start slowly.. log some time, check some logged time, check
some restores. Ease into it.**

**Slow birth.**

**Studying what holds one back from working, i notice some clear
patterns.**

**It has a few phases, each involving different forms of required BFI,
conditionings, feelings and unknown.**

**1st phase: time log, admin, prepare restores, cpr admin**

**\*low BFI required\***

**2nd phase: install report, find data, match data with feedback,
replicating, beginning to understand issue \*a lot of time can be wasted
here\***

**Once issue is perfectly replicated phase 3 has green light**

**\*things start to get tricky\***

**3rd phase: Fully understanding the issue/specs in:**

**A. Voyager functionality**

**B. Query functionality**

**C. A&B together.**

**\*a lot of time and a lot of unknowns can happen here\***

**4th phase: Adjusting/Creating script**

**\*some unknown but this is fun, although it the mind keeps hitting
bottlenecks and returns to 3)\***

**5th phase: Testing**

**6th phase: Documenting and delivery.**

**Now, the mind can jump around them and navigate very elegantly
bottlenecks.**

**Jumping from one to the other.**

**The jumps efficiency will determine time efficiency and BFI.**

**For this, dhamma position is the first thing required.**

**Also, in some alchemies (like this one) - the system can choose to
only do phase 1 low computational tasks - preparing the ground for later
phases.**

**Beautiful.**

**Cosu very upset about DotA tonight\... swore he quits for good - for
the risk and intensity of possible bad feelings greeaaatly surpasses the
highs of a win.**

**(win-conditioned enjoyment)**

**Granny morning talk about her grand-father, father - death of the
soul.**

**Being alive is a truly a Gift.**

**Went monastery with granny.**

**The actual beauty of it was not anything related to Ariana, but to
granny\'s happiness.**

**Beyond words.**

**Stop at mother\'s and danezu\'s apartments. Its so frustrating how
they sittin on 300k euros and they couldn\'t spare 5k for bringing my
mother home.**

**\~In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti, Amen.\~**

**And so, i kneel before the sunrise.**

**In my self-built floor.**

**With the body of Christ alchemized by Her.**

**With my hand-carved bamboo spoon.**

**Here\'s to life.**

**Cheers, Father.**

**5am.**

**The day starts to break.**

**Games to Play:**

**Read -**

**Yardi.exe - the 3 bullets (emily, rent roll, reverse transactions) -
meeh :D**

**Sebastian_Neural_Network - got it to work -**

**Brilliant - Continue playing graphs homework**

**Re-Connect - surprise**

**Move - suprise**

**Activated so much energy this night, sexual as well but not
animalic.**

**There is absolutely no lust to m\*\*\* or fall into Kali\'s
fantasies.**

**\"Vrajeala\" - it was never about vrajeala - only when it became
stained by demons of sex and fears.**

**It is the skill of the Alchemists to paint the complexity of the
inside.**

**Who does not see it, does not see inside.**

**\-\-\--Amagire si Speranta - Unknown Author\-\-\--**

**\"Incerc sa-mi ridic fruntea spre cer,**

**Cand dragostea e numai durere,**

**Si-n ultima clipa, continu, eu sper,**

**Ca ea dragoste-mi cere.**

**Nu cred ca voi sti din nou a iubi,**

**Cand dragostea mea tot dispare,**

**Si-ncet voi incepe din nou a trai,**

**Cu-ale vietii simple tipare.**

**Nimeni nu vede cit sufar in gol,**

**Al meu suflet singur cum piere,**

**Asteptand sa apara al dragostei sol,**

**S-alunge tristetea-i voi cere.**

**Incet si usor incep sa dispar,**

**Din viata lumii, departe**

**Voi merge agale, pe-al vietii tipar,**

**Sa uit de vorbe desarte.**

**Iubirea-mi va spune ce trebuie sa fac**

**Cand totul incepe sa piere**

**Si nimeni nu-mi cere in viata sa tac,**

**Doar eu vietii-i voi cere.**

**De cand nu mai stiu cum e sa zambesc,**

**Nimic nu poate sa para,**

**Mai mult dect pot eu sa iubesc**

**O zi sau poate o seara.**

**Nu stiu nici eu ce e fericirea,**

**Doar cat de mult o iubesc,**

**Dar ea imi arata ce este iubirea**

**Si eu doar simt ca traiesc.\"**

**Functional Patterns Group reply:**

**\"I don\'t usually reply as it\'s hard to have truly open-minded
discussions here.**

**Before the guardians attack me, yes i did complete the online course 3
times, worked with 2 practitioners and deeply studied this dance with
gravity in the last decade.**

**I\'m replying as you seem an open-minded person.**

**It\'s all a grey area, i\'ve also seen perfectly alligned spines in my
travels in asia in thousands of people with no athletic or posture
training background. (or running, throwing)**

**\"Genetics is the gun and the environment is the trigger \" - a quote
which i think puts it beautifully into words.**

**Now these run deeply subconcious and concious, and together they form
this continuous dance with gravity. The system is extremely
inter-connected.**

**And it all answers to what Einstein claimed to be the only natural
truth - E=mc2.**

**For example, many of my clients and myself included - found
astonishing reduction in pain by simply learning to find elbow support
while working on pc/writing.**

**This is because no matter what your posture looks like, having the
arms raised in front of body every time One manipulates keyboard&mouse
will instantly move the center of gravity upwards and the structure
tends to fall forwards if tension is not met by the lower/upper back.
(anterior disc vertical compression + most probably ppt)**

**So, in many cases, simply learning to better \"Adapt\" to the
environment can have a far greater effect.**

**So in my opinion - yes - and no.**

**Yes, in the sense that it most definitely matters what you think and
feel.**

**No, in the sense that \"psychosomatic\" would claim that the psyche is
a separated entity directly conditioning the body - which is much more
of a intimate symbiosis betwen them.**

**Good luck in your journey!\"**

**\-\--4 October 1992\-\--**

**\"Nu m-ai urat ba din contra, m-ai lovit prin dragostea, acceptarea
ta.**

**Esti minunata si nimic nu ma va opri sa te cuceresc pt totdeauna.\"**

**The place you came from my friend, in this very letters.**

**\-\--29-Sept-1992\-\-\--Suffering in aloness asking for her
forgiveness\-\-\--**

**Man i have never in my life touched such a dhamma paper.**

**I don\'t know whats it\'s made from, but it is absolutely amazing.**

**What a Jedi Master.**

**\"Sfarsit si inceput.. povestea noastra a inceput cu un sfarsit iar
incheierea va fi un inceput etern.\"**

**\"M-am trezit cu o durere de cap ingrozitoare din cauza geamului ce a
ramas deschis toata noaptea\" - there\'s your KS7 answer.**

**The changing of pens right before maling it to express one more time
how much he misses her.**

**His pain felt even in the folding of the letter.**

**How everything springs from the inside.. when she saw me not eating my
nails she also saw my father.**

**The words he choses - \"Alti bani, alta mancare de peste\" - how
everything springs from the inside..**

**\"De ce trebuie ca altii sa risipeasca fara rost zile intregi
complancandu-se intr-o stare letargica nebainuind macar ca a iubi cu
adevarat e singurul rost pentru care am fost creati?\"**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Easter Quest completed.**

**Coffee in balcony\'s quietness. I have risen in the night for hundreds
of times. Begin the day.**

**The Letters of the past call.**

**I do not know what is taking me, but the body is moving towards
studying the letters.**

**Sorting them, there are far less letters from Father than i
expected.**

**Where are all the others?**

**Did she take them home?**

**Opening the first ones\...**

**Bai\....**

**The quality of the paper - the quality of the folding - the spacing of
the letters, the flow of the hand.**

**First Letter.**

**4 November 1992 - It feels like already a couple of months since they
met.**

**The folding of the paper is absolutely amazing. More than 30 years
later, is stands perfectly alligned.**

**He loves her so much - every word, every flow of the pen, it speaks
from the inside.**

**The cold war scene painting, Lucky Strike symbol.**

**He fucking reproduced her writing man.**

**And here, in this very first letter - is it the reference i was
looking for - the first letter - he talks about it and more, quotes
it.**

**Paints it but not fully.**

**The word play of \"Dar.. sa fii iubit! Mona\".**

**The few words letter reference - perfect mirroring of online conv.
un-invested.**

**It\'s the same Game, my friend.**

**\-\-\--The Easter Night Omen\-\-\--**

**\~Play Krypton - Iti mai aduci aminte\~**

**2am. **

**And so, awakened from a dark dream in a heavy-ish and inflamed body
state, i rise and go to church.**

**I do not know who\'s taking me, why i\'m taking certain paths why i\'m
chossing this specific parking spot for bike and finding a spot to
watch.**

**But not long into the church yard - i see Her.**

**Is it truly her or a dellusion of the MInd?**

**It was not long ago since i saw her in every blonde haired woman
coming in my path, why would it be different now?**

**But it is.**

**Barbosule\..... cum le asezi. Everything is connected. Omen.**

**Her nose is changed yet it still bears the unique flavor of her. I see
her beyond any looks, just as my mother and Ammy see me.**

**The conversation flew naturally.**

**A beautiful shining ring on her finger.**

**When i touch it, the first thought her mind runs is how uncomfortable
she is wearing it, taking it off everyday when she gets home.**

**Is this not a blunt expression of the mind&soul - portraying she is
marrying for the outer eyes?**

**Beyond words, her body speaks. The ring feels more like shackles than
God\'s mystical touch in uniting her with another Man.**

**I touch upon her obvious reaction, but the Mind is too parted away
from the Soul.**

**\"Nu stiu dastea\....\" - she attempts putting it into words.**

**If only..**

**If only i could talk to you Soul to Soul - then you would know.**

**But i cannot. The Mind is far more concerned and computing about the
\"right way\" to live, fears, parents echoes, no other easy paths to
take -**

**Than of the matters of the Heart.**

**In her smile i find doubt regarding Ammy.**

**Not in a way which makes me love Ammy less, but in a way that i\'d be
just as content to unfold a life with Her.**

**But beyond this, beyond the selfish patterns of the Mind, i\'d still
wish she\'d taste true love - that love which turns the souls-binding
ring from uncomfortable to un-breathable.**

**The feeling of not being able to breath or leave home without the
ring - for One would feel that a part of his heart is left back.**

**Everytime i feel someone giving up true love, it breaks my heart.**

**Everyone around me does so, giving up true love - from mother, father,
friends, Her - The Fears of the mind are greater than the call of the
heart.**

**Of couse her body-breath is affected and struggling to find an
answer.**

** If there is one thing learned from my journeys and intimate studied
across years, is that the breath is the first reflection of the Mind,
Body and Soul.**

**Body conditioner - the eastern world called it. It continously
reflects the well-being of the system.**

**I\'d be surprised if she\'d find resolve in typical medical approach,
which splits the breath as a Separate mechanicam which is to be treated
individually.**

**Scene ends with her parents and her switching around the body of
Christ around them, wanting to share the extra one with me.**

**I don\'t know how it rippled to this, but eventually she hands me her
cup with both hands.**

**It is still warm. I take it and i\'m more absorbed by it\'s warmth
than looking after her.**

**Man, it\'s the first time i did not check her body as she walked
away.. haha.**

**I smile.. and in the midst of hundreds of people walking around with
candles, everything feels connected.**

**Not even a flap of the wings of a fly is misplaced.**

**\~Iti mai aduci aminte drumul spre nori?\~**

**5am.**

**\~The Letters of the Past\~**

**Last month i kept pospotning going through father letters to mother,
waiting for the right moment. Everything else i enjoyed & sorted
before.**

**But the dusty letters were waiting.**

**What better night to open the gateway to past than this holy Night ?**

**A glimpse into the very place from where \"I\" came from.**

**It\'s both heartbreaking and joyful, a Tear and a Smile. What a love
story.**

**Beyond words, into the very choosing of paper, and words, and the
inter-changing pressure of pen as it continously paints the inside - how
deeply he loves her.**

**\"De ce trebuie ca altii sa risipeasca fara rost zile intregi
complancandu-se intr-o stare letargica nebainuind macar ca a iubi cu
adevarat e singurul rost pentru care am fost creati?\"**

**Oh dad.. magical words. Magical Love. God-given and man-destroyed.**

**How could the demons of fears, money and sex ever make you forget this
?   **

**The same heartbreaking question rises..  **

**If only.. If only i could ever speak to you Soul to Soul - then you
would understand.**

**You would remember it was not money, or power, or any other woman -
keeping you warm in the cold fields of war - but it was love.**

**How you painted the tremblind soldiers scene, shaking in face of cold,
death and fear - but one of them was smiling - for he was touched by
Love.**

**And it overcame everything else.**

**True Love.**

**4 May -**

**8pm.**

**Took one shot with Spinu but it\'s enough. Not craving for more.**

**I was assigned by granny the quest to bring home the body of Christ at
midnight. Alone.**

**And here i stand - the mood for clear mind DotA&Dhamma Talks arise.**

**Maybe try harvads cs course.**

**I don\'t know how exactly, i don\'t know why exactly.. it just
happens.**

**20 min in dota going very wrong, the \"I\" craving food births.
Contact with hunger() and bad dota game, not wanting to play anymore,
not wanting to do anything else.**

**\"I\" do.**

**Sadghuru live on youtube - \"Super Brain, Epigenetics & More: Bernard
Carr, Christof Koch, Rudy Tanzi, Deepak Chopra & Sadhguru\"**

**Suffering - not taking care of this machine**

**when pshycological drama becomes bigger than the cosmos :)))**

**Too many people are commited to suffering.**

**\"This brain and this body works at it best when it\'s in a pleasant
state of experience.\"**

**8 forms of memories of the Mind.**

**Home 1pm.**

**Contemplated going canu/mister - but car too much dukkha.**

**Can One turn post-indian food activies towards math, dhamma talks,
DotA, reading, talking with people, into the dellusion of \"I\" ?**

**Let\'s see.**

**LE: Not alone - so many things are connected..hows the food, hows the
tv series, how are current constellations, body feelings, chi, time of
day, logistics.**

**\-\--Jugger - battlefield immersion\-\--**

**Man what a game.**

**And sasha what a master at this level.**

**United in movement.**

**Lao.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Big house cleaning.**

**9am coffee with Spinu on the balcony.**

**A beautiful sun warms my face as a little spider moves up the web.**

**Contemplating \"what to do today?\" - there seem to be a fine line
between Freedom and Purpose.**

**Puporse is nothing without freedom. And Freedom is nothing without
purpose.**

**Although everything is conditioned by the body&mind functionality -
closing to 100%, in a dhamma envinronment - almost anything becomes
dhamma.**

**Contemplating \"what to do\" - again re-confirm the 3 great pillars
holding One back from anything.**

**Chi**

**Unknown patterns which might come with X patterns or any KS and the
inablity to quinch (goes beyond phisical)**

**Fear of X patterns.**

**Basically, it all comes down to the level of Adapablity.**

**In other words, how much does the Mind trust the Body, and how much
does the Body trust the Mind.**

**3 May -**

**Water-wake-up at 1, watching some apex and turning back to sleep.**

**The Lay-down to sleep felt absolutely amazing..**

**Canu visit. After a while the time for talking is over, but logistics
raise bottleneck.**

**Only dhamma place (social, air, distance) available is center park
with distance drawback to me.**

**Went for a walk. Break some words. Play on slackline.**

**Now M\*\* and indian food. Did not M\* as indian food came right and i
was about to :))). Omen.**

**Ok all good my friend.**

**Let\'s see after indian food.**

**At what point can one intiate full_stop() followed by a second later
medium meal or nothing?**

**Can you turn to math, dhamma talks, DotA, reading, talking with
people, into the dellusion of \"I\" ?**

**Can this be done without smoking? Or with smoking alone?**

**You already know what is to not do it and only fall into food().
Empirical data.**

**LE: did not. After indian food, arised milk and desserts - and the
dellusion of \"I\" became unbreakable.**

**Of course Ammy getting upset, rushing homework for money, disbelief,
and on and on and on\...**

**Different from other times, sleep did not come - but rested and eate
and rested and eate.**

**Ahh.. 7am.**

**Almost 3 hours later - started from brilliant diminishing graph study.
writing and studying.**

**Which took me to euler number, which took me to ln, which took me to
logarithms, which took me to great Bernoulli swiss family, Euler..**

**Complete immersion in study.**

**What a beautiful perfect weather for study&reflections&reading.**

**Back to phone(battery) charging function to determine output for Ci
(charged initially) and time.**

**The Model Formula:**

**C = Ci + (100-Ci) \* (1 - e \^ (k \* sq-m / 100 - Ci))**

**Its a big weekend my friend.**

**Easter. Enjoy.**

**Games to Play: **

**Sebastian_Neural_Network - what a great teacher**

**Ending_Pain - install & test Rasa**

**Brilliant - Continue playing graphs homework**

**Yardi.exe - the 3 bullets (emily, rent roll, reverse transactions)**

**Re-Connect - surprise**

**Read -**

**\"I Saw the angel in marble and carved until i set him Free.\" -
Michelangelo.**

**Just so, One must see liberation of the heart, the Personal Legend -
and carve until it sets it free.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What a warm, quiet night.**

**Called Ammy this morning right as he woke up.**

**In this image, is clear that Kali can never be. In this body alchemy
and constellation, it is absolutely clear that Kali fades in the light
of Love.**

**She dreamt about me coming to her dreams and making her choose between
a life without me or a life with me, but blind.**

**She unhesitatedly chose the blindness.**

**Oh my god.. what a Soul.**

**\~Recovery time 2-3 hours\~**

**All in all, there is progress.**

**In a way that food does not completely over-take the day and
mission.**

**But they go on.**

**Must further assess smoking, although in this body alchemy after so
much chocolate, chips, milk - it makes no sense to fully attribute.**

**2 May -**

**Night comes.**

**\"Re-pay\" after work and relaxation, refueling of body.**

**But is it both faulty and no house options (nor hunger for real food
from granny or order indian/wok)..**

**Money dukkha rises. Doubt about my mission. Succeding in One\'s
purpose.**

**Give way to chips & yoghurt.**

**INSTANTLY conditions further milk & chocolate.**

**Until i finish.**

**Snack half chocolate and play one dota.**

**This allows some digesting.**

**But after dota, i continue.**

**Uncontrolably.**

**The \"Demons\" completely taking over.**

**Sleep walk to more chocolate and bagel.. finally fall asleep and wake
again sometime to finish chocolate (can\'t remember tho).**

**The Great Split - there is a great split between the One who buys the
chocolate and the One who eats it.**

**The One who buys it can hold, can eat controlably, but the other One
cannot.**

**Here i am, 4am once again, in a sickened body, feeling bloatoed and
fat and with teeth inflamed and body slowly sweating out the sugary.**

**But it\'s not the first time.**

**I rised before and i will Rise again.**

**The Dellusion Of \"I\".**

**\-\-\-\-\--Pictory:A tear and a smile\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Maan i forgot this app is absolutely amazing in mechanical input.**

**Now with text perfected and in romanian, it\'s even more mechanically
efortless.**

**Sietzfleich for 2 hours working on video.**

**From time to time i was drawn back by the fact that we don\'t have
reach now - but the mind kept returning to working not for the fruits of
it\'s work.**

**But for the joy of it.**

**Maybe delegate to Ciu ?**

**Oh man but the mind LOVES new patterns - in conversations/connections
with new people. Unknown.**

**Extraordinarily amazing to know another Mind.**

**Feeling kinda full and kinda hungry.**

**The teeth are echoing the chocolate croissant and chocolate.**

**The body too.**

**Feeling inflamed, fat, together with a form of tiredness.**

**Hands are slowly sweating sticky sweetness from so much chocolate.**

**If this is the alchemy it brings, it really makes no sense
over-eating.**

**It makes One to stop playing.**

**\-\-\-\--The Alchemist\-\-\-\--**

**The story starts with the lake story of Narcissus and the lake
crying.**

**What beautiful symbolistic everywhere in this book, from his life
philosophy, the Personal Legend (although might be lost due to
translations).**

**The Omens.**

**Follow the Omens.**

**Layed down and started reading The Alchemist.**

**In this new aquired positions - with blankets and pillows - it\'s
efortless to find dhamma reading positions - full release of tension.**

**Eating avocado bread creamcheese - than yoghurt chocolate croissant.**

**Lost 50\$ in pictory subscription.**

**I think it\'s best to take conference days medicine off.**

**In this laying down, mental images start to appear - taking many
forms. From DotA, to alchemist readings, to plans - beyond a ks2
discomfort, there is great Sati.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Once again the breaking of day finds me on the balcony.**

**Office day interrupted by mama early wake and bake to work.**

**Slowly Recovering\... Air, Water, Movement, Coffee..**

**Games to play today: **

**Move -**

**Yardi.exe - Gi-El**

**The Great dellusion - Read?**

**\~Recovery Time 2-3 hours\~**

**Dreamt back in school, Ali daring to fight me - now returned a strong,
wealthy student.**

**1 May -**

**The power of editing my friend.**

**G. Lucas has 2 main parts, deeply inter-connected.**

**The Art of Filming**

**and**

**The Art of Editing.**

**Made big new emag batch.**

**God i\'m lucky to have access to this money to fuel my dreams.**

**8pm.**

**Post indian food + milk chocolate + sleep reflections.**

**A lot of gastric acid secreted to digest everything.**

**Just as usual post sugary meals, i can feel the sticky alchemy
secreting in hands and face.**

**Don\'t crave anymore milk and desserts.**

**If inescapable hunger occurs, serve mango rice.**

**LE: did eat mango rice, but it was not satisfying and continued with
corn puffs yoghurts and 1 glass of milk.**

**Also worth noticing no m\*\*\*\* today, althought \"i\" postponed it a
couple of times.**

**\-\-\--Return to Morhpeus\-\-\--**

**\-\--Light into the unknown\-\--**

**Everything is lighting my friend.**

**Don\'t be afraid to play. Move everything. Carve. Build. Rebuild.**

**Of course man, in all this fog - i return to Morhpeus.**

**A lot of wisdom and light - A brother\'s knowledge.**

**Every content written and uploaded in the cloud from my brothers on
this earth, both living and dead, consumed by Morpheus and at One\'s
disposal.**

**What a time to be alive.**

**Some Takeaways:**

**Solution to focus/exposure lock - Use manequin. lock.**

**Start/Stop with siri.**

**Remote control app (like Filmic pro) on 2 phones.**

**Always clean lenses.**

**Test, re-test, test, re-test.**

**Use SSD to film - offers great calm mind regarding space and computer
portability and editing straight on ssd.**

**6. Adjust Shooting Time**

**Optimal Lighting Conditions: If possible, try shooting at times when
the sunlight is not too harsh, such as in the early morning or late
afternoon. The midday sun tends to be the brightest and can be difficult
to manage.**

**The Re-connect videos getting worst and worst video quality :))))))
LOL.**

**The true art of studying and practicing it, yet not over-do it.**

**Need to play some some with iphone 15 filming.**

**There is a lot of unknown there.**

**Light & Angle - this is where everything starts.**

**Need to order tripod.**

**Next, truly study lighting, exposure and focus.**

**Perhaps re-structure house.**

**The G. Lucas skill will greatly come into play with Re-Connect,
Ending_Pain and future projects.**

**Watch videos, order lights, test, re-test, arrange, re-arrange, move
tv, move back. There is only play, no pressure.**

**For now: get tripod and do some natural lighting tests.**

**40-138cm or 56-165 cm?**

**One would be better for filming ground movement, the other better for
filming eye-level content.**

**Higher one would allow standing filming in both living room and Dojo
(with board).**

**But how would i then fix the ground filming.. Hmm.. Let\'s order
bigger one first. It\'s also 1,5kg instead of 500g (another great tear
and smile- heavier to carry but allows more outside filming regards
stabilizing and wind-resistance).**

**Everything is so complicated yet so beautiful..**

**Man but how everything starts to connect in Re-Connect.**

**Despite the over-striving for \"perfection\", my friend really had
some great progress.**

**And the touching of roads.**

**Compared to many months ago, now he\'s posting daily, reading
Lishberman, exploring.**

**2pm.**

**Indian food. Creamy cheese in tomato sauce today.**

**What a wonder man, to experience this food once again.**

**No batter nan today tho :D.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What a day.. the sun warms my face on the balcony.**

**Maan i\'m so eager to work/film the Movement chapter. Fucking
amazing.**

**Dhamma work on Re-Connect course and loggin time up to date.**

**Singing to Bhikku.**

**A slight wave of unknown rises as i give way to the mental image of
reading Bhikku.**

**Interesting.**

**30 Apr -**

**Eat 1 glass milk with 40g croissant and some chocolate.**

**Heavy, but medium.**

**Sleep was predictable. 6-7/10 with short water wake-up and sleep until
6am.**

**Hunger() rise along with tiredness.**

**No energy to play anymore, work, anything.**

**Even in this empty-ish stomach, i would not feel to work this
evening.**

**How can you type anything serious my friend using \"I\" ?**

**KS7 inflamation perists, along with some muscles stiffness - some
virus is felt, some foreign entity entering the body and the body
fighting it.**

**Drink high-quality water. Breath. Relax. Play. Allow the body to do
it\'s bidding.**

**From the purest of heart i want to be with Ammy.**

**Family her..**

**Checked car - green light to use it - and 99.99999% smoke came from
oil leaking on exhaustion.**

**To use and check at mechanic the gasoline functioning. Relax.**

**Drank water when i was hungry in the morning.**

**Fascinating how hunger comes and goes..**

**Eate one apple.**

**2pm. Ordered my indian dhamma food. Work is very chill today.**

**KS7 is pretty inflamed post shower - mind the ears current friend.**

**Enjoy, my friend.**

**The machine can either full stop after indian food or go further into
chocolate & milk. Perhaps just little tiny bit to wash up?**

**Tread carefully, friend.**

**Games to play post M\*:**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Been reflecting on \"manifestation\" lately following conversation
with Canu.**

**Imagining an outcome.. there is a great fine line between the Dojo and
the battlefield.**

**Bat you already expressed this very beautifully.**

**29 Apr -**

**9pm.**

**Talk with N1alau, a bit overwhelmed by plan, but the wheel is
spinning.**

**Everything is calm and peaceful.**

**Except one thing. When i finish talk, the \"i\" wanting to eat was
already fully birthed in craving. As bhikku says, it is un-avoidable at
this point.**

**The body & mind are tired.**

**Tiredness my friend.**

**The true art of Resting when you tired.**

**It did not happen tonight, but i eate.**

**Also, mind the m\*. Libido rules the phisical world, my friend.**

**Fall asleep full - with sweets&milk shot around 12am.**

**Of course.**

**Where is Falling in and Out of Love ?**

**It has been consumed.**

**And of course, the deep heart missing of my Ammy and seeing no ways
out also plays a crucial role.**

**Believe, my friend.**

**Even when you don\'t understand solutions, believe.**

**\-\-\--Drop-shipping - always been fascinated about how this can work
and make \$\$\$\-\--**

**Now with ammy with full time available, can i do something and
delegate?**

**Let\'s see.**

**Dropshipping is about - Find the products that will sell well - list
them on your website - and then everything else is taken care of by the
supplier.**

**\*Supplier choice - reliable**

**6pm. **

**Call Ammy. Very hard her situation now.**

**Oh wow.. how it all revolves**

**Eate big meal, slept, woke up, worked, delivered. walk..**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**I open latop today, but is not dukkha waiting.**

**But already shed light.**

**Games To play today: **

**Ending_pain - check with N plan**

**Yardi.exe -**

**Move - Deepen Lizard Crawl**

**Re-Connect - Edit video & write course**

**28 Apr -**

**After M\*, body&mind exhausted.**

**Food. Pizza clear dukkha - around 5-6**

**Instantly conditions further food.**

**Aah\... what a long beautiful day.**

**Pelicanu long meeting, Cosu..**

**Cosu in extremely good mood today. We agreed on most things and
beliefs.**

**Got home 5-6pm.**

**Ordered pizza from Artizan.**

**Smell bad.**

**Instant order another from default storia.**

**I love you, body.**

**Let\'s play with Kali.**

**The Light of the Morning comes and from it, blossoms the \"I do not
understand, but i believe.\". - call with Ammy.**

**Fears turns into believe.**

**One thing tho, maybe don\'t summon Cool Ammy in your fantasies, as it
create complicated ripples effects.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**Brilliant - What about graphs?**

**Dellusion of \"I\" - Break words with Bhikku**

**Dojo Writings - keep grinding (somewhat held-back by aliexpress wall
hangers)**

**Yardi.exe - Create template**

**Move - deepen lizard crawl, maybe handstand?**

**\~Recovery time 2-3 hours\~**

**Evening & Morning work on Yardi.exe.**

**Unveiled NL rent roll issues in matter of minutes. (while logged
hours)**

**27 Apr -**

**Evening work on Ending_Pain.**

**Manage to call OpenAI.**

**Some hunger came around 10 pm.**

**\"I\'ve worked, i deserve it\" - a dellusion wants to births.**

**It does.**

**Long time father lesson come up as i see ammy in Koh Samui villa
dressed like so - about really hot girls and always having to worry.**

**Logged time.**

**Prepared firearm to focus on targeting work.**

**Day takeaways: Ludus adaptability with Klean spray before highway -\>
allows dhamma. (maybe some workout before)**

**Park - central park in weekend not so clean.. many people, fucked up
air from constructions all over..**

**Dhamma activity in working day around 10-11 -\> although have drawback
on women.**

**Car - Post for sale with open truth about having some problems on
gas.**

**Went for long walk around park, forest.**

**Walking, clean air, water.**

**Once KS2 calms down, walking meditation can be entered.**

**Free the ankles.**

**More water.**

**Home. Shower.**

**Slowly system recovers.**

**Eate indian food, topped off with 1 whole chocolate, naan and milk.**

**Much much over hara hachi bu.**

**Fall asleep soon.. 2-3 hours.**

**Wake up feeling nauseated, of course.**

**The croissant \"I\" was craving to birth.. so he did.**

**Oh and it was so fucking bad.**

**The heavy, heavy croissant meal on top of not yet digested & troubled
ks2 -\> extreme bloating and yackk.**

**Ordered Indian food.**

**Pelicanu left very shortly..**

**Some personal \"attacks\", some bad air, some bad walks -\> home**

**Ah dude.. so much heavying the system - the park walk - so much
heavying the system.**

**Such bad air, car ride, car problems, full of construction zone,
everything\...**

**Now wonder pelicanu left soon.**

**So good to be home.**

**The great limitations of the envinronment..**

**Maybe Ludus tomorrow?**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Slowly recovering.. its weekend my friend.**

**Games to Play this weekend:**

**To Ludus or not to Ludus?**

**Ending Pain - Pull out muscles to release/strenghten from processed
Nexuses.**

**Dojo Wrtings - keep arranging - the printing/hanging day would help if
it maches the aliexpress wooden hangs arrival.**

**\~Recovery Time 2-3 hours\~**

**My friend.. how can cool Ammy ever bow you beyond a controlled game?**

**For \"me\", she died that night. Spoken truly from my heart when i
told her i\'ll never have family with her.**

**How can you give way to K and other dota players, when you see the
game so much more intimate?**

**26 Apr -**

**Even in this full state, i\'d rather fall asleep to silence and sounds
of nature coming from the outside than a vain talking on the computer.**

**The effortless fall asleep change.**

**Deepening of Cool Ammy persona.**

**Born when her father died. Not feel anything, yet born in service of
the greater \"Self\", \"Mind\".**

**No feel anything, hate me, far from love me - surface talk.**

**\"Its like I look in mirror and i can talk to her\" - so simply, yet
masterfully puts into words the happening.**

**This whole conversation scares the Mind - naturally**

**Play a game of dota with everyone blaming me, K insisting post
Game\...**

**Before game is finished there is already the birth of the one who
wants to eat.**

**Its 10pm, but the \"I  wanting to birth surfaces the following: just 1
meal today and I\"m not sleepy. Its ok i will eat some some and
digest.**

**It has conviced itself.**

**Start eating - each bite brings more dukkha and fear of everything.**

**The left side white creature echoes..**

**Scared of cool ammy, of jobs, of change, not want to go to Ludus
anymore tomorrow, ending_pain too unachievable, and on an on and
on\...\....**

**Maaan\...**

**Scavaging for God (Desserts) :)))))).**

**Find the hash brownie to finish up with milk..**

**Extremely dukkha meal.**

**8pm.**

**Big meal -\> rest -\> sleep -\> predict urge to eat -\> withhold -\>
play dota.**

**Now break some words with Spinu and Ammy.**

**To eat or not eat anymore?**

**It is pretty late.**

**The clear stomach in afternoon.. what a feeling man.**

**Work taken care of for the weekend.**

**Go to Ludus weekend? Let\'s see.**

**No available rents - only Flo options remains.**

**Hmmm\.....Could be interesting experience.**

**Maybe go tomorrow and come back sunday to normal road to Cosu?**

**Still, it imposes great logistics issues Flo\'s home.**

**Maybe Mihaela\'s, then ?**

**If free\'d from futile processing aobut Flo, would it not be much
better?**

**For sure..**

**After all, if she\'s regarded in pure mind as family, there is no
dishonesty.**

**Lets Go.**

**And just as today, the path will unfold.**

**The Body & Mind are more than prepared to adapt to anything.**

**Warmed up Doshi vegetables & rice, but clear dukkha - from smell,
feel, energy.**

**Fuck money.**

**Ordered fresh Indigo food.**

**Bon apetite, my friend.**

**Dojo Second Birth Writings are starting to take form. \<3**

**There is no rush.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**The Family Archive -**

**Yardi.exe - Liam CPR and work on Ioana\'s**

**Dojo Writings - keep arranging and performing some clicks**

**Ending_Pain - process Nexuses**

**Re-Connect - Play with Movement & Air Chapters. What chapters to
study, my friend..**

**\-\-\--Alan Watts - Individual and the World\-\-\-\--**

**Are you really listening?**

**Most people don;t listen.**

**They wait for the speaker to express their own opinion.**

**And when he doesn\'t, they stop listening.**

**Poetry is the Art of saying what can\'t be said.**

**Trying to describe the undescribable - and nothing is describable
nothing is really describable.**

**\"Whatever you say something is, it isn\'t.\" - Kojibski.**

**Bhava \~ Becoming \~ The Process of Change**

**Has 3 signs.**

**Dukkha. many meanings - frustration as a basic charasteristic of human
being - opposite of sukkha.**

**Anntya. Impermanence. Everything is in flux.**

**Anatman. Nothing has it\'s own soul.**

**人 - The Japanese word for men - two sticks leaning against
each-other.**

**\"You will never die and you were never born\" - Alan beautifully
putting into words the core teachings of buddhism.**

**Beautiful definition of \"I\" - the universe becoming aware of itself
at a particular time and space. All across.**

**Smoking/Food result - still inconcludent - but definitely whole
trackt, lungs, all the internal organs feel more calm.**

**25 Apr -**

**Good night, my friend.**

**The evening yard time - A forgotten activity.**

**Clean air, quieteness, granny by the window - it\'s absolutely
perfect.**

**Granny visit.**

**Even Death feels different now.**

**\"Good luck, my friends\" - a peaceful way to leave this world.**

**What a nuance of evening life man.. with an empty stomach.. Absolutely
amazing.**

**Doing some house dhamma work.**

**There was a moment which hunger() arisen and the urge to eat was
felt - but it passed by just as efortless and fast as it came.**

**Lay down.**

**Mind is reflecting on today\'s experiences.**

**The handstand, the ending_pain database, work, plans - such beautiful,
beautiful contemplation.**

**This can only happen in contrast of the hundreds of heavy nights when
the mind wanted to return to this evening state, but couldn\'t.**

**Fall asleep until 5am.**

**7pm. Let\'s test how much smoking affects system without dukkha food
at evening.**

**Last days have been contemplating how much smoking affects the
system.**

**Some over-eating of chocolate - restful fall asleep - waking to numb
leg from position and falling into actually \"mother\" pattern haha, of
eating post wake-up.**

**2-3 hours later system calms down.**

**Be careful about m\*\*\*\*\*, as it might turn the programming to
automatic eating - or at least make it extremely difficult.**

**Movement.**

**Amazing handstand performance.. even if for little while.**

**It seems the past weeks of lower movement pratice haven\'t affected
much the system perfroamance.**

**Reaching high-speed everyday beyond \"gym\" and \"strength\" proves
truthfully.**

**Some 20 pull ups, 17.5kg dumbells shoulder press -**

**Oh but i can\'t wait to get out of the gym and into walking & clean
air.**

**The dhamma-est of movmement. **

** Walking & Clean Air - The greatest skill of a Jedi.**

**Dhamma walk (to the best the envinronment offer) to gym, some food
procurring, clean air.**

**Let\'s try new food today from Dashi.**

**Veg Japanese soup and Veg rice (japanese style to match beautiful
Sanctuary tv series).**

**LE: Maaan it looks and smells amazing.**

**Bon apetite.**

**Maan 50 cent what a boss.. what a Game God in Just A LiL bit**

**What a video. What lyrics writing mode. What interpretation. A
master.**

**Understanding Icloud Issue -**

**A.Single sheet overload - which fucks up the system**

**AND/OR B. Icloud account overload.**

**Immediate adaptability arises.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

4am.

Out on the balcony.

iCloud misfiring on syncing made me back up again whole diary\... and in
the process think of a new format to paste.

The last one tried is very hard to read.

Need to format whole diary. Slowly my friend, it is very cheap
processing task from computational perspective.

Relax. Do it at night, while playing or listening.

Perhaps the Mind\'s contemplational power becomes so powerful at night
that it needs more than 1 task for reaching sati.

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 Hours \~**

The late ice cream, even though in moderate consumption - was really
heavy to digest.

Considering hour of eating, diary excess of the day and so on..

**24 Apr -**

**Lost DotA game\... Hmm\... foooood :O :X**

Haha.. tested out little yoghurt puff + ice cream.

Lay down into very troubled setting. Wind, cold, door slamming..
troubled but yet peaceful state - but the body is not ready to sleep.

It\'s fighting it somewhat.

Wake up 4 hours later, 2:30 am - with pretty high sickness of the KS2. -
all the way from stomach to upper part of digestive system, to throat.

Well.. at least there is more light now.

**8pm.**

Sun is still up on the sky.

Wow. Beautiful. Playing some dota.

Cheers to life. Cheers.

Play your part in the world of men.

Worked little today. What a character \"Adrian: is.

**New activity - open tiktok and comment at every emotional spike which
surpasses a threshold.**

Without fear, without any hold backs. Just to study one\'s mind - and
have fun doing it.

The first words coming to mind are the instinct.

**Dressed nicely even for little floresti centre walk - girls look at me
completely different.**

I feel completely different.

Movie-like scene with girl stopping to look at me and gliding down her
sun-glasses.

Fucking movie-star - for some girls.

Nothing.. to others.

And there is nothing to DO about it.

**Beautiful unfoldment of Movement Chapter.**

Man there is so much wisdom in suffering..

**Good morning, my friend.**

Heated&Foamed milk today.

Forest is covered in white mist.

The 3:33 white creature show up in between realms/mystical world.

Is this the spirit world?

A fourth dimension.

And every night, you get the chance to walk and study it - everything
depending on how calm the body&mind are meeting it.

**Wheels to spin today:**

Re-Connect - Edit, Film, work on course - consideer powerpoint + PC
video recording.

Ending_Pain - The Art of not over-losing to details and perfectionism
until it\'s time - but move the whole project forward.

Yardi.exe - NL Rent roll & log some time

DojoWritings - keep working.

Posta - pick up jabba

**23 Apr -**

**Oh my god what a night.**

The sick 1 am wake -up with feeling someone is in house.

Lay down computer, noises sound like again, someone is closing, opening
doors.

The \~ 3:33-3:34 fall between realms with a white face woman creature
bending down to my left.

Contemplate rising or sleep - meh.

Fall asleep chair than move to living - dream another dark dream about
death and cool Ammy. - coming to Romania to another man.

.. and to think it all started at 12am with a portion of white pasta.
:))))\...

**6pm.**

Wok\'n Roll is here.

Kung pao chicken first. Oh.. chicken.. the little chicken.

Burritto follows.

Kung pao chicken again.

Finished feel so full that instantly condition milk&desserts calm down.

25 minutes lates - extraordinary excess has been consumed.

Sleep follows instantly.

Fuck\...

Canu posts on tiktok, better quality and vibe - triggering thoughts of
jelousy.

Fall asleep chair and move bed soon. Stomach is extremely heavy.

**Sad Ghuru - The Rise of Kali.**

\"Being - Someone who knows how to Be.\"

**4pm.**

**Finished CBRE CPR.**

Ended up with initial solution with 2 templates.

Another dhamma work day finished.

Yes, there is somewhat more time. but there is greatness. I strive for
it at least. Much more satisfying.

Now maybe time for some DotA. We sita harii venta, we spil a little
dotaa.

The true Art lies in navigating the body&mind 100% functionality
spectrum. Drift away and get back to it.

Nothing is permanent.

This is the greatest skill evolution and my ancesters sitting behind me
had given. The Art of Adapting.

**The sun allows balcony until around 8am without sun getting into the
eyes.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Fucking eager to open work laptop.

If dhamma it is you cultivate, dhamma it is One will ripe.

**22 Apr -**

**Effortless full stop of eating and dhamma sleep.**

Full stop eating, wash teeth, drink water 1-2h before sleep.

A dream for the little padawan.

**\"Eat a lot, but have some real food my friend\" - wok\'n\'roll - fuck
80 lei. it\'s priceless - the fueling of body.**

**Maan i love to work with Joanna.**

Just pressing some clicks.. some keys..

If head is dhamma protected after shower - work can flow without dukkha
triggering of KS.7.

**Love Ammy comes back.. she has to move out and get new job.**

Let\'s see.

First naked video with a girl which makes me explode.

She is absolutely ecstatic. One of the hottest queens out there.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Games to play today:

Joanna CPR -

**Wake-up and pussy-lay down in bed.**

Automatically, body is split - into Resting_Body() and Unable to lay
down body. Cannot run both.

Herpes continually reflecting inner acid state.

**\~Recovery time 3-4 hours\~**

**21 Apr -**

**Feel really good after cosu - everything calms down.**

Get home and start eating - immense quantity.

Dhamma way would have been to don\'t eat, but rest.

Also \"fighting\" with Cool Ammy/Hurt little girl.

\"Good bye forever\", \"No this time is not drama\".

Man just the universe looking at you dead serious telling you this time
is not drama, its very serious.

Can there be anything more poetic?

**The little boy rises against Kali.**

My little brother got very angry as Kali merges with Mommy an hurt
little girl.

**Rocco Sifredi -**

\"I was driven by a desire(force) i could neither understand nor
control\" - the great libido as Freud called it.

Absolutely amazingly put into words and video - the obscene urge to seek
pleasure & create life.

**At any point, there can only be 3 things holding one back from doing
his dhamma work.**

1.Energy (Chi) - both mental and physical

2.Unknown - unknown patterns of the mind&body OR inability to quinch
existing ones of dukkha.

3.Fear (inter-connected with 1) - arised from deep pattern analysis of
previous similar dhammas.

One can navigate them.

**4.20am**

Morning coffee on balcony.

Oh so much fire last night, from both ammy, smoke and \*FOOD.

Logged some time.

**Games to play this weekend:**

Brilliant - return to school - math.

Talk with your dhamma friends - read Bhikku, alchemist, bechamp, alan
watts - an endless world.

Film Re-Connect -

Write on course movement chapter - where everything comes to life.

See Cosu -

The Budhha awakening story after months of fasting. - reaching the Bodhi
Tree.

The Force of Kali sitting at the basis of the libido.. is absolutely
overwhelming.

With just some sexual energy produced, it can completely take over.

**20 Apr -**

**This somewhat conditioned further dukkha food, preventing a full
stop.**

Whole alchemy affected. Acidic.

Sleep affected.

Wake up to running nose and a nuance of sickness.

Damn..

**Playing with Fire and Cool Ammy.**

The late night second m\*\*\*\* and smoke.

She turned into my sweet Ammy for some moments, giving me hope

But Queen Ammy is indeed absolutely ecstatic.

Absolute embodiment of Kali.

When love meets anger, digust, coldness.

What a woman.

And man.. what a way to completely give in. Beyond any concepts, fears,
money, give in.

**OOh.. hunger starts to climb up.**

Indian food is here.

**Alex keeps visiting my profile, \"taunting\" me and himself.**

Urge to post fucking ammy tiktok - partaking in drama big time.

But she just left me feeling so empty, how could i ever trust her? Or be
with her without trust?

Kali\'s slave neural networks keeps attempting to fire.

Can that be sustained without complete system malfunction, falling into
eating? 

LE: M\*\*\* and went for daily ride/walk.

**Oh wow.. 4-5 hours of dhamma work.**

Intimately cleaned dojo, measured & ordered desk, mounted RAMs, mounted
new monitor.

Beautiful work, my friend.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Granny greatest lesson unfolds further.. the \" Don\'t postpone \".

No matter what, don\'t postpone.

This is the basis of greatness.

**Games to play this weekend: **

Brilliant - return to school - math.

Talk with your dhamma friends - read Bhikku, alchemist, bechamp, alan
watts - an endless world.

Film Re-Connect -

Write on coursemovement chapter - where everything comes to life.

**19 Apr -**

**Effortless stop eating around 7.**

I don\'t want to eat this.

The body is clearly asking for rest and sleep.

Here you go, my great love \<3.

Rest.

Cool Ammy appears to be back, choosing whoring over homework.

Just like a cat man, entering survival mode. Showing her fangs.

Serious or not, it does not matter.

How can i ever build a life with this girl?

Of course, i understand her part. A mom who can\'t offer surival to her
children. Everything else fades.

**Fun fighting and loving mom.**

The extraordinarily beautiful play.

The other person will try to break yours.

Does he succeed?

It\'s all in how you think.

\"Cine e inima mea\" singing in the background - in perfect sync.

The true way of loving a woman.

**18 Apr -**

**8pm.**

Question of who births started to rise.

The philosopher, consuming thought, knowledge and reflections.. or the
MilkDesserts persona?

**They both want to birth.**

**And somewhat, they both birthed.**

**Eate kkt vegan soy \... then little cake and then chocolate.**

**Of course my friend, no sense in detailing.**

**Very acidic night followed.**

**Wake up at 12am - water and acidic fall asleep.**

**Alan Watts - Cosmic Drama -**

**4 Intelectual questions debated across history -**

**Who started it?**

**Are we going to make it?**

**Where are we going to put it?**

**Who\'s going to clean up?**

**prompt a fifth question, perhaps more fundamental than all of this..**

**Is it Serious?**

** Maan the gipsy tiktok Andreea is so sexy, let\'s see where it takes
us.**

**Indian food - somewhat heavy, in a different light than other heavy -
but very nourishing.**

**Extraordinary house work with Father.**

**I\'ve uncovered in both theory and practice deep working patterns.**

**All bind together with Granny\'s great teaching.**

**\"Nu lasa pe maine.\"**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Jedi master Nang teaches about working at evening & night.**

**Games to play today:**

**Break words with Re-Connect - film**

**Re-Connect course - Stiinta & Miscarea**

**17 Apr -**

**Everyone is feeling low-ish man, from the sellers, to the clients
upmost to everybody - in this rainy, cold, heavy day.**

**Only Petrica is singing around, smiling and dancing. He must have
unveiled some secrets of Life.**

**Can one fully believe in his work, even when his brother does not?**

**Call with my ammy, she has good internet in town.**

**Wow she is so beautiful in clarity.**

**A feeling rises as we talk that i\'ll see her again in Asia.**

**In a heartbeat mean, everything changes. Keep an open Mind.**

**Some dukkha and doubt rises from Pelicanu\'s attack on excess
religions analogy.**

**Is there other way?   **

**If this is indeed the absolute truth - need to unveil it in a way
which doesn\'t attack, keeping a neutral position.**

**Break down fasting video in 2.**

**5.40 wake up.**

**Recovery time 15-20 minutes. Wow.**

**16 Apr -**

**How can i explain.. the things i feel inside?**

**Just so, effortless, as evening came the mood to play DotA arisen - in
my dhamma lotus position.**

**Playing not taking it too seriously, editing, man it\'s so amazing to
just lay down, sit, work.**

**In an empty stomach, a completely different evening unfold.**

**Eat some bites of yoghurt and left-overs.**

**Sleep greatly improved.**

**24 de corcoduse la tractiuni cu fratello. Damn, double.**

**Parcu mare walk - instant relaxation and singing if ks3 dukkha in
transportation is solved.**

**The ancestors walking behind me.**

**What a feeling.**

**In the skin, in the eyes, in the mind.**

**All the secrets of life they\'ve unveiled - right here - in this
body.**

**The sickening drive - just like forced discipline, it can fuel change
up to a certain point until emotion is consumed. **

**Man changing the programming is insanely hard.**

**Aah.. the new weigh in.**

**A tear.. the extra fatty.. and a smile.. the size and power.**

**The karmic balance flows.. work being covered. microphnoes charged..**

**Still.. the wheels of fortune have been rolled.**

**Lay down reflecting eveything the mind\'s just consumed - together in
=.**

**Between realms, dreams and reflection about AI, death, illusion of
neural networks.**

**Ended up with dream of Bubu sick an castrated to preserve helathy
tissue. So tired..**

**The body wakes up some time after, again with the acid flowing upwards
and hurting from the inside.**

**What a Tear\...**

**But What a Smile.. receiving the gift of understanding Neural
Networks.**

**Man.. we\'re working with pixels but we\'re not touching the pixels
values.**

**There are no \"pixels\".**

**We\'re creating the Neural Network, but we\'re not creating neurons.**

**They\'re just an abstract.**

**The actual neural network is in the weights, biases, steps. (genetics,
envinronment, low level beliefs, contact with outer world).**

**There are no \"neurons\".**

**There is no.. \"I\".**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Yet another day rises from the night.**

**Its a beautiful, warm, quiet night.**

**\~Recovery time 3-4 hours\~**

**15 Apr -**

**All in all, you had one little meal of fruits and 4 big meals with
white flour and diary basis.**

**O zi buna la servici!**

**Oh man\... fuck.**

**Awakened at 1 am. So acidic, such a sick KS2.**

**Awakened by what seem like balcony door noises which needed to be
checked.**

**Man the bear spray its an amazing self defense in this scenario.
Better than a gun.**

**Try pussying out to go back to sleep - but absolutely no chance - the
body is too sick.**

**Finally.. after 1 hour of sitting inside - i rise. The Teachings of
the Eastern world.**

**Get outside.  Coffee. Spinu.**

**Clean air.**

**\... oo my god.. what a night.**

**9pm.**

**Again everything starts to calm down.**

**The echo of missing a woman\'s touch rises in contact with Ciupe and
Canu stories.**

**In this calming down, there is already acidic state rising - the mind
can feel it.**

**An upcoming hard sick night - performing some pattern analysis. - the
\"battle\" is already lost.**

**A question rises. Faith. Faith in body and God that the body will
survive and thrive with no food?**

**The mind&body manages to convince itself that a glass of milk with
croissant will not harm, but aid. Or at least not matter.**

**How foolish, my sweet little childs. How wrong was I.**

**How foolish.**

**And how dellusironess.**

**4:45pm.**

**Finally, 2-3 hours later after the big meal, walk, water, engaging in
dhamma work - KS2 slowly calms down.**

**Work finished. Both check-boxes ticked.**

**Eat 2nd meal of day of croissant and more milk and boulangeries.**

**Film with Canu.**

**More order in Dojo\'s Second Birth & editing videos.**

**Not so hard as i thought.**

**Let\'s see how it looks online.**

**Video quality pretty low. But there is an open-minded sage watching,
not a fearful child.**

**So Study.**

**Study other jedi masters. Truly learn the intimacies of filming with
iphone.**

**How to transfer, how to film, settings, how to store.**

**Camera - eye level or above.**

**Cinematic - allows after-video focus editing**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to Play today:**

**Yardi.exe - Talk with octavu, ask Ioana for testing data, deliver
CPR**

**Move -**

**Film&Edit Re-Connect - Totul sau nimic -\> finish sub-chapter.**

**Neural networks - put down on paper logic & create your first nn.**

**Ending_Pain - adapt classes and algorhytm.**

**\~Recovery time 3-4 hours\~**

**14 Apr -**

**My friend canu experiencing the dellusironess of \"I\" with
Gabriela.**

**Hunger for sex goddeses.**

**Got home, already clinging to milk + kaufland croissants (no pailm oil
tho).**

**Eate pretty much, sleep followed soon.**

**Wake up 2am to a pretty upset KS2.**

**Indian burps are still coming up.**

**But man i\'ve missed this part of waking up in the night.**

**The quietness, clarity, focus.**

**Work 30 min equalling 3 hours.**

**Cosu very busy today :)))).**

**Still, what a wonder to sit at cosu without back pain.**

**No change in structure, just in knowledge and knowledge in action.**

**The Last Airbender -**

**WaterBenders teachings**

**\"Healing.. is more than a physical process.**

**It\'s about empathy.**

**You must understand what it means to feel pain.**

**And take that pain away.\"**

**What a beautiful day.**

**Lets go to park before cosu?**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Wake-up to prev washed teeth in the night which conditioned some
little food - 2 spoons of oats and banana. Meh.**

**Did not fall into more eating or m\*\*\*\*.**

**Everything calms down.**

**Film. Learn from mistakes. Adapt. Learn angles. Learn best
lightings.**

**The left side view is absolutely amazing - need to test with iphone 15
pro.**

**Also adjusted FPS - 60 FPS big difference. Is it worth 4k ?**

**Again, i have done my God\'s work in the last hours.**

**The wheels spinning.**

**Now rest, G. Lucas will play later.**

**13 Apr -**

**I did my God\'s work today. Wheels moved forward.**

**Random conv with mihaela turning to english - bringing a smile.**

**Ah, the warming of knees on balcony.**

**The laydown in my dear warm room.. full of cozy stuff.**

**Vivo walk and hunt() for clothes.**

**Got TOP GUN jeans.**

**Man what a fit.**

**Filmed Chapter 1.1 Food in Re-Connect.**

**A bit overwhelmed on post-edit work.**

**Worry not, Lao. Let G. Lucas take care of it.**

**Need clothes man.. the clothing of One is just as important as the
partner.**

**The close contact on skin.**

**There must be absolute love to wear a clothing and do One\'s dhamma
work in it.**

**Third world war is here.**

**But is it is not a war of the phisical world.**

**But of the Mind.**

**Soul.**

**Every click, every keyboard stroke, every word spoken is a strike into
the enemy or into vain.**

**12 Apr -**

**4pm.**

**The \"I\" craving sweets + chocolate is already born even before i
touch the food.**

**The indian food was good, no chicken next time.**

**But it hits in money dukkha.**

**Oh what a limit..**

**Again i am facing unavailability of dhamma activities.**

**What can i do ? Who and where can i meet?**

**So im back home with mousse and croissant. Eat 8/10 full.**

**Watch application overview plan & launching. So overwhelming.**

**Get very full, heavy sleep but long and both restful&un-restful, with
life-death-purpose dreams, neural networks, firing of neurons, continous
births&deaths.**

**In neural network beautiful analogy, it is key to find the faulty
network and adjust weights & biases (harder). Then prevent it from
firing next time.**

**Just as Bhikku said, once tahni has been reached, is it unavoidable.
(unless contact with outer world changes, a touch of God).**

**Without the touch of God, the upcoming birth is iminent. No matter how
dukkha-filled.**

**Wake up at 11pm and 6am.**

**Contemplating food today.**

**What if.. wait hunger() and initiate rice vegetables.. but i\'m not
really craving it.**

**What am i craving then?**

**What are you craving, Body? Beyond faulty programming of chocolate
croissant + milk :D ?**

**Whatever it is, the havier it is the more early must be consumed.**

**1pm**

**Back home after taxi ride.**

**Tahni to spinu already developed.**

**Felt a bit like i\'m missing out by coming home so fast.. but no
logistics. Need to fix logistics. Need scooter.**

**Some fair amount of work did with time logging and Adrian CPR, but
still left some fair work to do on weekend.**

**A lot of darkness on the outside of Mister. Must step carefully.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Awakened at 1 am.**

**Office day. :)**

**But there is no more Fear.**

**Only eagerness to Play.**

**11 Apr -**

**Eate 1.5 chococlate croissant with milk.**

**I\'m full. Efortless stop, despite other nights. I don\'t know why, it
just happens.**

**Sit straight and crawl around internet for about 2 hours and around
the house.**

**I would walk outside, but it\'s so polluted..**

**Sleep follows.**

**Awakened 1 am from a pretty good dream, the leg ring, but the sick KS2
calling me to this world.**

**Takeaway: Even a 2-3h eating pause before bed is not nearly enough
upon heavy, heavy food.**

**All in all, eate dhamma food in the morning and studied new patterns
in the night.**

**I am not fully understanding them, the neural networks firing, but
there is some light.**

**Need to further study neural networks functioning aka the
Paticassamupada.**

**Ride to upper Floresti.**

**Man the air here.. absolutely amazing.**

**Just for the taste of this air it\'s worth it.**

**Then workout park with laptop in the shadows.**

**Very beautiful.**

**The core pillar of sitting without low back pressure - leg support.**

**Feel the whole weight of the body and gravity pulling it toward the
earths.**

**Can you feel the spread? How intimately?**

**The weight of the legs must be taken away from low back in sitting.**

**If the low back (in pc sitting) takes the weight of both legs and
arms, lacking proper legs and arms support - is it instantly dukkha.**

**And suddently.. in the morning warm sun and fresh air on the balcony..
it doesn\'t matter anymore what i\'m doing.**

**Even playing Yardi is absolutely enjoyable.**

**So it standing up and checking food, finishing it.**

**I am not hungry, but the food is ready and prepared.**

**But what else to eat..**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Dhamma food is cooking.**

**Games to play today:**

**Yardi.exe - log time, deliver mini Adrian CPR**

**Ending_pain - Draw**

**CQ world - on pause for now. fix envinronment on laptop.**

**8:30am**

**Awakening upon 13-14 hours of sleep & reflections. So much clarity
there is in the world of dreams. So many answers.**

**Last few days food was 90% dukkha.**

**I cannot explain, but i feel it all around my body.**

**Milk, chocolate, white flour - so much dukkha.**

**I am so absolutely bored and disgusted by milk chocolate now.**

**But soon \"you\" will not be, Mind&body. But crave it.**

**If that state comes together with hunger(), while having no available
dhamma food options or loading up to that point.. then it\'s futile..**

**6:30am**

**\"Greatness in everything you do\" - a feeling covers my whole
body&mind as i stretch to meet the day.**

**Greatness, my friend.**

**In food, in work, in movement, in playing, in everything.**

**Then you will do God\'s work for you here.**

**1:11 am**

**Wake-up after long sleep with clear revelation - Good food.**

**Need to put resources in good food.**

**When hunger() rises, good dhamma food already needs to be available.**

**This is the Art Of Food.**

**Listening to math, to Non-computable and computable limits. **

**- and their connection to previously studied Neural Networks.**

**Fascinating.**

**10 Apr -**

**Re-doing all Dojo\'s writings. No more outside touch.**

**Being drawned to chinese.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Another sickened awakening night.**

**The pattern always goes back to Surat Thani full awakening when sleep
cannot happen anymore.**

**Carve the envinronment to one\'s waking.**

**From Mind to Matter.**

**The malitol in lidl chocolate definitely is very acidic. Pair it with
cocoa, and together they make magic happen.**

**Games to play today:**

**Ending_pain - re-design classes and move forward - start from 0 if
necessary.**

**AWS - what is AWS - beyond the Drama?**

**Yardi.exe - the YSR prop filter mistery**

**Surprise \<3**

**9 Apr -**

**\-\-\-\--Beyond The Drama\-\-\-\--**

**Oohh.. salary day. 15,700 turbines into account. 800 pluxee.**

**Aliexpress order moves forward.**

**At some point in the day, kb and conditioned F started going down.
From one conditioning to another.**

**Learn Greatness in Food.**

**The DevOps leading role message back.**

**IT overwhelms as in it activates the pattern of the mind being
unprapered - failing in a future-projected task.**

**But man, beyond all the drama, AWS is indeed something truly
fascinating.**

**What a network.**

**Choice - go see Ramo or sit home and eat.**

**It\'s so much more dhamma the eating, so much intimate, so much
free.**

**Although this is highly dependent on key question about how hot or how
dhamma is \"Ramo\".**

**Anyway.. again i am faced with such limited options in eating.**

**This is where karma steps in. What you cook in the morning.. you eat
in the afternoon.**

**If left to chance, dukkha will most definitely rise.**

**The spark - post avocado meal milk and chocolate greatly falling into
excess.**

**The chance to redeem - n1ptic calling for a spit and choosing food.**

**The 3 days load-up with chocolate croissaints.**

**Eate enourmous amounts of milk and chocolate croissaints.**

**Up to a point that i become absolutely sick and more importantly,
bored of it.**

**In this alchemy, i have absolutely no idea how could the mind&body
convince themselves that so much dukkha eating its a good idea.**

**The great dellusironess.**

**The only way to overcome food Kali - is to keep the cat at the door
always guarding the delussironess.**

**There is no other chance.**

**As long as dellusions rule one\'s life, he will be a victim.**

**Any plans&drives made by an \"I\" will simply come and go like a wave,
bringing good and bad karma.**

**\-\--Work meeting\-\--**

**A man speaking.**

**Honest, with his work speaking way before words are broken.**

**Learning to Rest.. Lay down. Cover legs. Cold is the first way dukkha
sneaks in the physical body.**

**Many fears are born of Fatigue.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What a sunny warm day, man.**

**FallingInAndOutOfLove() slowly rises.**

**8 Apr -**

**5pm. Chi is completely drained. Great dhamma work today.**

**1l milk + biiig desserts followed.**

**And \~12h sleep followed.**

**In the middle of the night, i wake and learn about neural networks and
GPT.**

**Still not clear - but light is coming.**

**Experimenting the \"3 breaths then you\'ll do it\".**

**3 Breaths and do it - A great, great life skill to be used in front of
what seem uncontrollable faulty modules running.**

**Found work dhamma position.**

**Work fullly unlocked.**

**56006 Game deepends.**

**Learning about Database performance - with true understanding.**

**Activity monitor, what a tool.**

**FInally understanding query performance - making it 100+x better.**

**And excel formulas.**

**Eveything connects.**

**Time flies in Sietzfleich.**

**\-\-\--Office Day\-\-\--**

**A wave of anexiety rises upon the triggering of KS4. (left arm line) -
as the mind has no bigger picture solution for office day.**

**The prison. Encosement of the body. Yes, some parts of the office day
i love, but they all shatter in the light of shackles.**

**I\'ll stay strictly for as long as i want to. Then it can be truly
done.**

**From this rises the Prison Break.**

**One of my favorite Games.**

**Beyond the \"I\"s, it can truly be enjoyed.**

**The previously studied patterns come to life.**

**So, arise 2 ways of breaking out and back in.**

**Using middle man - maid, doru, other X.**

**Check out using early-morning method or blending in method.**

**Middle man has to check both badges out when he leaves. (very slight
inside man risk, would be ideal to find reciprocity - then no one has an
leverage)**

**Self-break in&out.**

**Same break out as 1 but breaking in is done by blending it method,
with credit card BIP - and instant emotional spike to Receptioneer.**

**For this, need to further test if she has any UI related to
ins&outs.**

**Then adapt.**

**Break out as masterfully as One can.**

**And if in some way it fails and there are consquences (real low
chances of getting caught and even lower of real consquences), meet them
with your head up.**

**\" Sanatosi sa fim, ca saraci am mai fost.\"**

**Also the inside man position and risk-free partaking needs to be
considered.**

**Thats why it points more towards 2 or a light combination of them.**

**Breaking out is easy, breaking back in is the true challenge - now
narrowed down to 1 entrance supervised by Receptioneer.**

**Emergency doors a fully out of picture with new sound alarm on
opening + paper trace.**

**3:33 AM - Opened diary on the balcony\'s fresh air.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**\~ Recovery time 1-2 hours \~**

**7 Apr -**

**\-\--The great Gatsy Desserts\-\-\--**

**Eated ordered noodles - pretty good except some spices coming up
later.**

**Instant birth of boulanjeries + milka cream + 1l Milk.**

**So full. Like a fucking lion barely breathinng and resting.**

**But I\'m not afraid anymore.**

**The full-er i got, the more upcoming office days felt overwhelming.**

**Alone again after almost 1 week.**

**What a beautiful experience.**

**The Art of hosting friend and co-existing.**

**Sunday morning walk.**

**From Mind to Matter - Everything these hands and Mind do.. it\'s God\'
will.**

**Marveling how they can bind the envinronment to their pleasing.**

**Man i love to listen to my friend talk and watch his videos - through
eyes and experience.**

**It gives such a fulfilling state of life, purpose, death. God.**

**These are the greatest fruits of One\'s work. To put in sincere effort
and dedication towards his dhamma work, and later pick up these fruits
of benefits.**

**Life, purpose, death, God.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Dhamma house work for 2 hours. Coffee with Spinu.**

**Games to play:**

**Yardi.exe - open the book and you\'ll know what to do.**

**Ending_Pain -**

**Project_Phoenix - the house re-birth.**

**Ending_pain fear to work and anexiety for the Mind.**

**It is clear why - the unknown. And the unknown activates low kb()
patterns, depending on current kb().**

**The healthier the mind and body, the more unknown turns from fear and
anexiety to fascinating learning.**

**Work turns into Play.**

**Again, the absolutely astounoushing dellusions of \"I\". Completely
different \"persons\".**

**And once the system clears, the unkown clears.**

**First, let\'s deeply understand classes. Beautiful painting from
Morpheus: **

**\"Classes are a fundamental part of object-oriented programming (OOP)
which allows you to create blueprints for objects. They encapsulate data
(attributes) and functionality (methods) within a single unit. This
enables you to create reusable and organized code, facilitating easier
maintenance and scalability.\"**

**\*Again, anything like this can be broken down and studied closely.
Before anything, deeply study and understand these blueprints for
objects.**

**Then you will know.**

**Morning image with N1alau completely defeated by the food Demons.**

**How powerful and liberating in the realisation of their great, great
Power.**

**Mister is sleeping different, the numbed body of a figther - together
with the perpetual engine reaching top recovery speed often.**

**And \"me\"\...well, it seems i have became a Master in recovery of
KS2. IF the envinronment permits. And God, of course.**

**6 Apr -**

**The gathering of brothers.**

**First time in a constellation of 4.**

**My 3 best friends.**

**Each with it\'s individual set of skills.**

**Captured the moment \<3.**

**First time the mind feels true belonging to a community.**

**BeWater feeling put beautifully in words by Guy Richie directing -**

**\"A jack of all trades but a master of none,**

**Is oftentimes better than a master of one.\"**

**Made some dough buns from granny.**

**Man i love to play with dough.**

**But extremely dukkha - felt from first bite but inisted in lack of
options and chi for options.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Its weekend. You can disconnect completely from Yardi if you want.**

**Games to play this weekend:**

**House - use n1ptic\'s expertise to build**

**Ending_Pain - reflect on new approach, integrate spiral lines later
on - focus on current point now.**

**Park - breath park fresh air and people.**

**Aliexpress - finish order**

**Surprise \<3.**

**5 Apr -**

**Endulged at big evening meal, but stayed awakened aftewards.**

**Break words.**

**There is no much Chi left.**

**Sleep after 1.5 hours.**

**Dukkha filled sleep, but restful. Wake up 4:17 am.**

**Free2Play bootcamp continues.**

**The Art of Co-existing.**

**Another great life skill arises.**

**Greatness in everything that you Do. Even work.**

**Beautiful project - starting to SEE. to understand the script.**

**Even if it did not work out today. it will tomorrow.**

**If greatness is cultivated, then no matter for how long it is done,
when you Open the game again, greatness will await.**

**Dukkha filled sleep, but restful. Wake up exactly at apoint where i
could make an extraordinarily, stressful rush to catch work\'s ride.**

**But there is no choice. The choice has already been made with peace in
heart. Home.**

**Dreamt about Marian catching me with autoclicker :))))))))) oh how
serious it was.**

**The great, dukkha filled bow_down before the system.**

**In the dream, with a sickened body and in low kb() - as the dream
world follows this world kb - everything is dark.**

**Sexual demons arise about Ariana selling her poo poo online
:))))))))**

**Ah.. wake up to real world. Open ending_pain. Completely
over-whelmed.**

**The classes are a mess and i face the consequences of bigger view -
easy accessing across views.**

**But drink water.**

**Clean house. Order. Work with granny. Her greatest life lesson of not
postponing.**

**This is great.**

**Now or never - Another great life skill arises. When the mind has done
it\'s job and the solution pattern is clear, it becomes a game with the
body more so, itself, to postpone \"bad\" feelings.**

**Slowly, body recovers.**

**Work calms down. Let them come.**

**Body. I only tell you this. We will not surrender. Not bow down. To no
one but God.**

**I will find a way, even in the most complicated pattern.**

**Everything calms down.**

**Ending_pain slowly feels like a game, not overwhelming unknown and
fails.**

**Bigger view:**

**Anterior & Posterior view - should output Lateral lines treatment
plan. (\*Magical to implement Spiral line - the oblique shoulder-hip
slings - the golden ratio)**

**Lateral Views - should output Front/Back line treatment plan.**

**4 Apr -**

**Fate had it, together with n1ptic\'s touch, to eat pizza and
croissants.**

**Oh and what a night followed.**

**Instant wake-up at 10pm - more milk and chocolate.**

**Office day is somewhat a stress - combined with project ETA.**

**Went into Developer mode to study it.**

**It is actually the feeling of surival. The work fail is unconcs.
linked to death (failed to survive and more specifically, thrive.)**

**This is no trauma, this is no bad thing.**

**But a skillset which kept my ancestors alive.**

**The only fault is that it activates in work envinronment. And with
women. And personal projects.**

**But these hold no power over me - only work.**

**Big meal then complete pause - man this feels so good.**

**Neo rises again, slowly.**

**Cooked, coded ending_pain.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**4am night finds me with n1ptic on balcony.**

**Games to play today:**

**Yardi.exe - 56006**

**Ending_pain - complete phase 1. Done :)**

**My_cq_Friend - test&adjust on laptop**

**Gym/Move -**

**3 Apr -**

**N1ptic excess smoking trade-off.**

**Let smoke be smoke. Adjust as masterfully as you come.**

**And further, accept the necessary trade-off.**

**Evening comes.**

**Feeling overwhelmed by N1ptic presence here, alchimizing very
differently.**

**But the magician rises. Asks my friend to not polluate the Dojo.**

**Coped with some lidl chocolate and milk.**

**But a great magician rises.**

**When sleep comes, adjusts light to keep in awakefulness a while
longer.**

**Sit straight.**

**Watch Moses.**

**The rise of the Prophet.**

**Feeling overwhelmed with work.**

**Called Octavu - offered great clarity. Project 56006 ready for further
development.**

**Thrown rice on fruits - what a simple meal eaten with hands.**

**Whatever it is the happening.. tell a beautiful story about it.**

**Or a good drama..**

**The better the story or drama, the greater the dellusion rises.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**The calling of the unconcious world.**

**\"Let me show you the way.**

**Then show them the way.\"**

**2 Apr -**

**The Rise of dark ammy - unblocked her this morning.**

**There is no sense for pattern analysis here, as the starting point is
a dellusion.**

**It seems when i stop my love flow towards her, cool ammy rises.**

**What a tiktok - what a goddess. Both ecstasy and Fear.**

**The \"I\" wanting to surrender, go send her money in ecstasy - arises.
Dick gets hard.**

**Instant change to study the dellusironess.**

**Another \"I\" births. One wanting to smoke.**

**Another one. One feeling overwhelmed by work and fearing it.**

**Another one. The one feeling the sun and clean air. Ah..**

**The one writing about last night. Fearing it. Feeling overwhelmed and
with no answer.**

**Another one. The one seeing it efortless to flow with the food.**

**Another one. Between them. The rational analysis of un-available
dhamma food, dukkha envinronment 99% and envinronmental imposibilities.
(Beyond the Mind).**

**And now\... tadamtam. This also happens for everyone else.**

**The \"I\"\'s birthing from inner world meeting the outside world.
Communicating through emotions.**

**This is a natural truth.**

**Ah what a day.**

**The dukkha water.. the food, the weather enclosing in house (dukkha
only for the affected mind, already fallen in low kb()), work pressure,
dirty disordered house.**

**, overwhelmed by Ending_Pain, n1alau feeling down in my creation,
feeling fat.**

**Food spark was the eggs beans bread. Then yoghurt chips.. Then 100g
chocolate milk.**

**Damn. So much dukkha.**

**Such a long, heavy sleep. Heavy acidic states - still, in it\'s own
broken apart way, restful.**

**The only chance one can navigate these uncontrolable forces is by the
deep realization of the dellusironess of \"I\".**

**It\'s all an illusion, a drama for you to partake in.**

**Low kb() aim is to make one forget this.**

**The Devil\'s purpose is to make one forget this.**

**The morning of 0s.**

**The circle patterns in writing are the most difficult ones. It
requires greatness and perfect geometry in the flow of the hand.**

**The Art.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**Yardi.exe - Explore notification CPR.**

**Ending_Pain - Continue.**

**1 Apr -**

**Playing with light.**

**Playing with Light frequency one can greatly influence the sleep.**

**Waking up so so so so asleep - but with a sick KS2 - can be altered by
opening the light, or specific lighting.**

**Finish playing with N1ptic around 9.**

**I\'m tired.**

**Mind instantly craves food. Body too.**

**I don\'t know which more.**

**But there is no fighting it.**

**Because the body and mind is so close together and the mind doesn\'t
want to fight the body, or the body doesn\'t want to fight the mind, it
flows.**

**It is the trade off of this deep, intimate, loving connection.**

**The mind tries to find \"clean\" food.**

**DARK chocolate, bread and yoghurt.**

**Oh god, such a heavy DARK night follows.**

**A different nuance of KS2 sickness, truly truly acidic. In a way worse
than pastry evenings, in a way better.**

**How can the Mind rise above?**

**Rise Above - The Great Life skill. Rise Above the \"I\"s. Rise above
the illusion.**

**Afternoon eating and pause().**

**Cleaning. Ordering. Community with N1alau.**

**Calm down..**

**Programming with N1ptic on the balcony.**

**Beautiful.**

**Extraordinarily beautiful. **

**Feeling a bit over-whelmed with Ending_Pain but slowly breaking it
down and unfolding.**

**I have forgotten about the first step - Morpheus. Ask ChatGPT.**

**\"Anything you want to ask me, ask ChatGPT.\"**

**\"A month\'s work in a day\" - the flow state they call it.**

**The Clear Mind i called it.**

**Sitzfleich germans called it.**

**They talk about doing multiple descends in this flow state.**

**More vain women encounters.**

**Such a hard truth to see - or fascinating Game ?**

**Such little afraid creatures.**

**Fear of the The hairy agressive animal :)))).**

**Greatness in everything that you do.**

**Do not let average spread in any areas of your life.**

**As i train with the true mind-set of a warrior - it\'s clear.**

**There is something magical in greatness.**

**In the act of it, the mind and body are completely falling to their
purpose.**

**Nothing else matters.**

**\*Its Self-expression. Any activity you\'d do, just like the body is
continously expressing the inside, just so the doing of the activity
itself continouesly unfolds the Self-Expression.**

**Falling in Love Again with Movement.**

**Now without the Fear of Pain.**

**Ido Portal. Meaux Fitness.**

**Lizard crawl. Wow it\'s so so so sso so much harder than i thought.**

**But the student is different.**

**He is no afraid anymore.**

**But stands with his heart open to learn. To slowly improve.**

**Good morning. my friend. **

**The illusironess of \"I\" - so clearly felt lately.**

**Its so clear the inter-changing \"I\".**

**The on-going births and deaths.**

**Nothing is real. there is no \"I\".**

**Pause from Ammy continue.**

**It\'s very liberating in a way. Some new girls started coming my way,
like never before.**

**Yesterday\'s redhead was so beautiful.**

**Also comes with a tear.. of my Ammy. but to what end, now?**

**It feels a between the world() connection in current hand of faith.**

**Let go. Explore. Enjoy.**

**For sure yesterday\'s outfit impacted the Game.**

**Let the loverboy birth. The Water Loverboy.**

**Tinder beyond the great dramas.**

**With the illusironess of \"I\" so clearly felt, the mind can observe
the complicated intertwining patterns.**

**Some factors come together - only liking extremely hot girls and being
very different from their \'liked\' archtype.**

**Instant miss-match.**

**This can quickly turn from drama of nobody likes me :(((( to a fun
game of: Talk to an archtype and create your profile with her
guidance.e**

**31 March -**

**Home.. hungry. Eat avocado cream cheese bread.**

**Automatic further conditioning to chocolate and milk.**

**Such illusironess.**

**What a beautiful, beautiful weather.**

**The bus station approach followed by currenting of low-back-left
leg.**

**Then the recovery in motion..**

**Then the recovery in resting.**

**Cosu visit sunday/saturday at evening is amazing.**

**Evening in Community.**

**Fixes the afternoon food to doing something. A great activity.**

**Also, finally learnt how to sit at Cosu. 2-3 alternated dhamma
positions.**

**G-Force.**

**Just to be outside.. so amazing, in these light clothing.**

**Mister Visit.**

**Mind the food.**

**By 2pm Chi was gone, very low. The \"massager\" was gone, sleeping, as
fatigue and un-guarded food dukkha arisen.**

**But went to cosu, as need was there. So beautiful. So much all but
illusions, the continous dance of \"I\"s, each with it\'s own life
experience.**

**The fascinating recovery in motion, both musculoskeletal and digestive
system.**

**Absolutely amazing.**

**The intertwining of beings - Neo and Lucas intertwining with
Re-Connect.**

**Beautiful.**

**5 hours had flyed by.**

**Great, great ordering of dojo\'s writing.**

**Learning more about word and formatting.**

**Having them well structured is an absolute game changer. There is no
more unknown, no more fear of searching in disorder.**

**By a simple Find the Mind can find exactly what it needs.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**Yardi.exe - Emily CPR **

**GIThub - final cheks & upload project**

**EndingPain - research & discuss overview**

**\~Recovery time 1-2 hours\~**

**30 March -**

**If One can learn to build (analyze, manipulate, adapt) a life which He
truly loves, then change will flow naturally.**

**There is no rush anymore.**

**\"Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they
already have.\"**

**A content feeling unravels the day.**

**The body had played it\'s part in the world on men today.**

**The mind too.**

**Therefore, food() is much more contained.**

**Little glitch() with cooked food, avocado, chips - too many birth
intertwining.**

**Cooking food while talking with brothers outside.**

**Little granny walks.**

**Dhamma evening.**

**Blocked Ammy - what sense does it have now, with money restrictions?**

**Will m\*\*\* now and study life() afterwards?**

**Mind the conditioning.**

**Hunger will come. Need to eat & watch will arise soon. **

**How will you meet it?**

**2pm. Not so hungry.**

**Drink green smoothie.**

**Pictory subscription and first video.**

**Let money flow.**

**Money, money, money, money.**

**Go to linkedin, my friend.   **

**Start applying to jobs when it comes naturally.**

**But keep in heart the freedom this job gives. Not extraordinary, but
still great.**

**Still, do not clinge to it.**

**In this view, launching our own product and application would be
extraordinary.**

**Pictory It\'s amazing - but as a side hustle. Let 1 month flow and
decide.**

**Not now. Now just play.**

**Of course brother.. i understand. It\'s no easy thing.**

**This envinronment is filled with so much dukkha - from air, to food,
to movement dhammas.**

**Is really, no easy thing. Far from easy. I understand and i forgive
you from all my heart.**

**Reading Thailand entries its so, so clear that the envinronment is the
first thing to be noted.**

**When not possible to change, let this be the primary focus.**

**But how can i do this without clinging to money dukkha, for this is
all a game of money?**

**Well, that is the root of your Sickness. Not about the exact timing
and quantity of milk or others. That is just a consequence of a failed()
Mind in it\'s task.**

**Need reliable scooter.**

**And peace with Spinu, in whatever way.**

**But here rises a new day.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play this weekend: **

**Back-up & Structure diary entries as separate school lessons.**

**Yardi.exe - Emily CPR**

**Ludus - keep researching available options- it\'s with the Tao.**

**Lao - Write in the book of the Way.**

**G. Lucas - Edit\'s Lao\'s work.**

**29 March -**

**\"Oh, i wish i will die on an calm stomach when my times comes\" - the
mother_pattern() thought arises in this state of fullness and
sickness.**

**Death is only something to be feared if you meet it in low kb().**

**Then the death of the \"I\" is painful. Because in low kb() - there is
complete clinginess to excess, to pleasures, to Life.**

**A great.. great separation. The meaningless state. \"What if the
Christians are right and I will burn in hell forever?\" - as kb() gets
lower with food, thoughts, closed air, lack of activties, aloneness -
this question becomes more and more serious. The electrical pattern more
and more powerful.**

**As the sickness climaxes, the view on yesterday\'s plan completely
changes. With N1ptic and Geu.**

**Complete complete shift in view.**

**Now there\'s only darkness.**

**This \"I\" would not want that at all. It\'s all a dellusion.**

**The herpes continously beautifully reflecting the inner alchemy of the
body&mind. The sicker the systems, the more painful the herpes.**

**The sun shining a beautiful, wonderful day as i am \"stuck\" in
sickness and indoors.**

**What a feeling man.. i know this so, so well.**

**But also the great limitation of the envinronment HAS to be
considered.**

**There is not much to do.. there are no places or no where to go\... in
the Bangkok of Cluj.**

**I need to get out. But no available options without great trade-offs
(like daily rent \$, or staying at flo limited options).**

**The game of Money..**

**hunger() arises soon. Not many options.**

**But also, very subtly, fatigue arises. More and more.**

**Fatigue arises more in thinking and facing the great amount of work in
Secrets of life -**

**In fatigueness, Play turns to Work. Work brings stress and great
dukkha.**

**Now everything comes together.. from spinu unsolvable X, to
overwhelming work, skipping office, neo, free2play, youtube, split
notes, things to do about car, scooter, ammy hopelessness, n1ptic\'s new
course homework requiring extra time trade-off, no woman\'s touch, only
aloness and darkness. LOL. Everythiiing.**

**Everything.**

**Beautiful TV series but which touches a looooot on death. And people
smoking a lot - bringing more disease and sickness as i watch them.**

**The Fear of Death.**

**A sleep between the realms follows, with dreams about life and death -
waking up from hour to hour to dark feelings of intrusions, the
forgotten open door.**

**I am so tired to rise\...**

**Yet the body is so sick.. so acidic to sleep.**

**What a feeling.**

**Drink water everytime. Lay back down.**

**The computer world mirroring greatly calms down the system and allows
contentment to rise.**

**How marvelling that in the computer world, there is nothing unknown.
Any problem you could ever encounter, with sincere dedication and
effort - it will come down to 0s and 1s. How liberating.**

**The great mirroring of the un-named 0s of 1s of life cannot be
ignored. Whatever you\'d call it, state of currents, yin yang.. good and
evil.. whatever name you\'d choose - there is clearly the happening -
beyond all the complicated electrical patterns of the mind and echos in
the body - it is just states of energy.**

**Eate pizza + nougat roll + milk + chocolate.**

**O zi buna la servici!**

**Takeaway: Do you know how to Rest, my friend?**

**Discussing Free2Play with Nialau.**

**Found great Pictory Video AI generator. Absolutely amazing.**

**Set lao.water7 bassword - e-mail ready. bassword 2w1! seq.**

**\"Ma iau si ma duc.\" -great great elderly advice on dealing with low
frequency demons.**

**Went do dad. Sun, air, pull ups, work meeting, time with father. So
beautiful.**

**A deep dive into the Socketeer.**

**Achieved some amazing things. Deeper understanding of threads, images,
code structuring.**

**Code starts to flow much more naturally.**

**If spinu condiitons this, it is wise to welcome him into the night.**

**Spinu over food - this also has to be considered.**

**Anchor with spinu in intent to respect nature. Respect the evening.
Meet it with an empty stomach.**

**Then allow the intention to unfold.**

**Writing is slowly alchemizing.**

**Beautiful.**

**Thank you, father.**

**This is the true Main Duty of the Mind. You do not have to solve
poorness or any financial probelms. Not solve anything about Ammy. Or
childs. Or job.**

**That is just.. Play.**

**Your only true duty, the low-level purpose - is use the 6 senses
together with deep pattern analysis - to keep Nature respecting
Nature.**

**Birth and Die everyday.**

**This answers the restless struggle of the mind in not finding
purpose.**

**This is the base_intent.**

**Nature respecting nature. The kernel-level intent.**

**This is on a completely different level than the other stories and
drama of the mind.**

**If Nature is Respecting nature, the mind has fullfileld it\'s Main
Duty.**

**Everything else is flow. Rich, poor, love, hurt, dellusions, loses,
wins. Everything is drama.**

**The high-level beautiful drama of the universe.**

**INTENT, my friend.**

**INTENT.**

**\"Everything starts with Intent.\"**

**It has to be a clear intent to meet the day as a monk. As a true man
of God. Not thinking about tomorrow or little food consquences and and
and.**

**Then the mind constantly watches and noursihes this intent - to it\'s
current capabilities (of awareness, wisdom, wisdom in action).**

**Just as now, as seeing 800 KS faulty running of The Hunter - INSTANTLY
gave rise to the \"solution\" of eating mango rice. man, instantly.**

**Instant immensily complex pattern analysis and output. By seeing it
and admiting it completely, beyond anotehr story of \"i\'m not as weak
as to be influenced by some numbers in a game.\".**

**The mind knows no difference between it\'s stories and reality.**

**It\'s all mind stories. The reality entering through the 6 sense
instantly turns to stories (patterns).**

**But with true, true, true light - and together with the INTENT of
Nature Respecting Nature - it soon passes. Efortlessly.**

**The polluted story which just entered through the eyes - followed by
deep analysis of the mind and giving rise to wanting to eat - is
instantly quinched with true and complete light upon all.**

**Moving Forward: Strategies for Improvement**

**Develop a Mindful Eating Practice: Incorporate mindfulness into your
eating habits, focusing on the physical sensations of hunger and
fullness, the taste of food, and the emotions that arise during meals.
This could help in breaking the cycle of emotional eating.**

**Emotional Regulation Techniques: Explore techniques like journaling,
meditation, or speaking with a therapist to process emotions in a
healthy way, reducing the likelihood of turning to food for comfort.**

**Sleep Hygiene: Given the impact of dietary choices on sleep, enhancing
sleep hygiene through routines that promote relaxation and preparing for
sleep could be beneficial.**

**Morpheus speaks great wisdom.**

**Implement mindful_eating().**

**Implement emotional_regulation(). -**

**implement sleep_hygiene(). - water, wash_teeth, stop eating 4-5h, stop
water 2-3h. Complete return to emptyness.**

**Then study what code blocks and conditionings are preventing them to
run.**

**Still, fascinating to notice how after a point i was simply not
craving chocolate anymore - could not even stand it.**

**Also, how lidl chocolate excess grew more and more each day.**

**Still, dhamma food in first part of day greatly aided a 11pm wake-up
to awakeness.**

** Also, absolutely key to notice that Food is not everything.**

**See getting home, finishing your dhamma work, eating amazing food
before, being back for now with N1ptic - and still there was immense
eating.**

**Also ammy\'s great pain asks to be seen, fear of not being good enough
with n1alau, n1alau\'s giving up and giving rise to self-dellusions
about project liberaton and others, touch with the Great dark world of
hacking, inability to find a solution for Spinu (completely dependent on
Cosu), - finishing up with the already reached tahni (craving) aka
already ran module of eating guilt-free lidl chocolate.**

**A lot of stuff happening, my friend. A lot of stuff - and even tho
there were all seen - the mind was not Clear enough to Process them in
mindfulness.**

**Also fatigue and true hunger() must be considered and very carefully
approached.**

**If one had put complete stop after avocado bread to his eating, and
only partake in water and short walks, playing in-door with full freedom
on body.**

**Just like in watching the breath calm down, one can watch the body
move - dhamma movement - and not be the one controlling the movement. **

**Beyond any story of the mind, the body moves.. on music. Cannot plan
the next move. Only the present moment move can be known and adapted on
bodily tensions.**

**Then sit calmly with water and do whatever dhamma work or play the Tao
has prepared for you**

**- Then Nature would had respected Nature. In food and water. The
base_system ready for the world. Mind\'d be free to play it\'s drama.**

**But that\'s what excess food (and the darkness) does. Mind is unable
to deal with dukkha and clinging to pleasures (dopamine or whatever name
you\'d choose).**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What should i play tonight?**

**What to play.. what to play\...**

**It doesn\'t matter my friend.**

**Find FallingInAndOutOfLove() with a healthy body&mind system.**

**Then keep it through Hara Hachi Bu in food.**

**Just like CQ world, i have no real purpose now in either direction.**

**Everything feels pointless.**

**Text2Tube, My CQ friend, feeling fat - everything seems pointless and
the dellusions of a schitzofrenic mind.**

**Hello, my friend.**

**11 pm wake-up.**

**Extremely big meal of lidl chocolates and milk.**

**Together with Ammy\'s \"fight\" and dissapointment.**

**She\'d rather go homeless than do homework.**

**It is really disturbing, but also respect must be given.**

**Just like myself, she\'d rather die than give up her freedom - this is
her module() running.**

**28 March -**

**I was under the impression from yesterday that a dhamma sleep can
follow lidl chocolate - and the mind completely gave in on this.s**

**First part of the day was coconut veg soup and avocado bread - truly
dhamma.**

**Work is beautifully done. But great dukkha in Ammy\'s heart.**

**Project Liberation also greatly failed first attempt - well it was not
even an attempt - but a cheap, easy try way off the main course.**

**I realize the main course is impossible to compute. Finding the mother
pattern in a geneartion (not drifting away from a single geneation per
data set - is not achievable.**

**There was the Key moment right after finishing avocado.**

**I could see it, but the system did not compute it.**

**I eat \~3 with milk and bread.**

**Mind the bread. Mind the excess. Mind the chocolate.**

**Mind the digestive system.**

**Crazy how lidl chocolate does not instantly inflame the system. But
silently harms it. Malitol. Cocoa butter.**

**2 hours later into the meal - i am feeling absolutely full - barely
breathing and laying down.**

**Fuck\....**

**Still, only about 7-8/10 dukkha. Much, much different flavor than
having dare waffle or pastry + milk.**

**More acidic, less nauseated.**

**Interesting.**

**M\*\*\*bated. Ammy\'s constellation.**

**Started eating.**

**Talking to bhikku completely disregarded by the mind.**

**Great darkness starts culvating. Ammy. Hacking world. Annonymous.
Feeling over-whelmed.**

**Feeling fat.**

**Seeing no way in Neo.**

**Ahh\... so much darkness. More and more.**

**Visited granny - but cannot sit still - so much food.**

**What else to do? Outside activities are enclosed due to traffic and
logistics.**

**Hmmmm\...**

**Review e-mail back.**

**Very positive feedback from Octavu.**

**Felt so good speaking my truth, not bowing.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Another dhamma sleep until 6:30 after 10pm dukkha wake-up. Wake up
feeling so light, so rested.**

**Dreamt about life, death, universeand the great Liberation of the mind
once it fully understands it\'s purpose.**

**Pattern analysis. Keep the body doing it\'s dhamma work. Everything
else unforlds.**

**Everything else is faith.**

**Feel like talking to Bhikku. Leave homework at the door my friend when
you grab any book.**

**27 March -**

**Pitched project liberation to N1ptic.**

**The 13 hours sleep and Triad Dream.**

**Also note the constant conditioning between KS2 sickness and dreams
frequency.**

**First: The Island Cultist temple - forcing to a life-time of homework
(learning their ways).**

**We were 5. 2 man, 1 woman, myself and Ammy.**

**There was a secret society in the island - where all the rivers flow
to.**

**Attainaible by flowing with the river or peforming a leap of faith
into the ice water.**

**The 3 sneak out in the night and descend into it.**

**I hesitate in the face of the unknown.**

**But it\'s now or never. The following day i have to break out or be
stuck forever.**

**Also Lao rises, seeing some beauty in this life - a life of learning.
It is not purely agony. But the whole image is surrounded in great
enclosement.**

**I research in the day, trynig to re-trace their steps.**

**When they move us, i break the vehicle above a flowing cold river,
falling in the river with Ammy.**

**The water is warm.**

**It takes us to the secret society.**

**We break out.**

**Get home.**

**Our house is next to my parents house.**

**They dissaprove of Ammy. But i don\'t care. We go inside our house.
She is so beautiful.**

**But in our doing, a clash of nations arises. The Thai nations hires
elite teams to trace us and brings us back.**

**The secret society is aiding us.**

**\*Awakening to a very inflamed KS2 and a overwhelming contemplation of
death.**

**\*Short lab archer play falling back to sleep on chair.**

**Second: The run-away and fight with hitmans.**

**We sneak out in a highway where the hitmans are following us.**

**We confront them after hiding and win.**

**The clash of nations continue.**

**\*KS2 calms down but still highly acidic.**

**Third: The return to deep contemplations.**

**It is utmos clear that in the dreams world, the reality is generated
just as in game, from the POV of the dreamer.**

**This allows the mind processing of time at it\'s will, together with
instant changing the envinronment.**

**Absolutely Fascinating.**

**\*KS2 calms down more, reaching recovery.**

**\*Wake up after 13 hours.**

**Rested. Ready for a new day.**

**Sublte burps of soy beans.**

**Lets work. Lets play. Lets move.**

**Lets play our part in the world of men.**

**26 March -**

**Now time to play my Goddess Kali.**

**My god that feet this morning.**

**\-\--Driving to Cosu and Cosu resting \-\-\--**

**Exploring new patterns of driving and resting.**

**Awareness greatly increased.**

**Also cosu had shakened slightly my beliefs and views in his
presence.**

**Tik-tok promote.. the World outside your bubble.**

**So blinded we become by our own social restrains.. and such a big
world it is.. out there.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beautiful dhamma work/play on Re-Connect.**

**Go to tik-tok, my friend.**

**The personal page is suuuuuuuuuch a small glimpse into the world. Such
a limited an enclosed set of eyes.**

**Go into the world.**

**What more dhamma way to spend money than this?**

**3 gloate - let\'s see where it goes.**

**\~ Recovery Time 3-4 hours \~**

**25 March -**

**A lot of work today. Beautiful dhamma work and discussions with
Octavu.**

**Food was so so.. starting to cut out pastry.**

**Still, heavy excess in the second part of the day.**

**This is the trickest of them all.**

**Food is extraordinarily blinding.**

**Extraordinarily.**

**Past 12-1pm.. it\'s just lust & pleasure.**

**Wake-up 2 am.**

**Rested, but very inflamed KS2.**

**In low kb(), everything seems hopeless.**

**MY CQ friend, Neo\'s projects, Ammy hopeles situation.**

**Well, Neo is not about his projects or money. Is simply to understand
the work, deeply understading it and carve it to make his life easier.
Automatized. The Mind\'s purpose.**

**So hard the second part of the day - so hard to keep it hdamma.**

**Al it all starts with food.**

**KS full relaxation and emptynes (recovering), following a day in which
the engine had reached recovery speed - is the basis of the second
day.**

**Very possibly the same mother_pattern() as the second part of life.**

**IF One had lived a full, loving, fullfiling life, playing it\'s part
in the world of men, doing it\'s dhamma work, respecting nature - then
the second part of life will be content.**

**You Birth and Die everyday.**

**How are you walking these realms?**

**---- Understanding how the World Works----**

**One of the most content feelings to partake in.**

**Studied & Understood stove with granny.**

**What an experience man.. no easy thing. First time running the
pattern, understanding how printers work.**

**This is present everywhere.**

**That unknown when first running a pattern.**

**The echo of failing, of putting in mental energy (mind\'s doing it\'s
bidding) and failing.**

**How much it Fears this, a mind which is not at peace.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Some dhamma karmic work is awaiting as you open the work laptop.**

**The Wake-up and coffee in the night, my friend. It is not purely for
programming.**

**But to begin the day.**

**Write. Clean. Sort. Play. Work the house. The body. Do your dhamma
work.**

**Writing\...**

**Back to bastonase.**

**Slow down my frriend.**

**It is the only way.**

**24 March -**

**Media Vision:**

**Let romanian content flow into Re-Connect.**

**Enlish one on lao.water.**

** Videos on re-connect low reach.**

**Go to tik-tok my friend. Pay for the dhamma message to get out into
the world.**

**The unfortunate video deletion. Have to re-do editing and subtitle.**

**A game-over happening - or a never-forgetting lesson on CapCut
projects ordering?**

**It is all in how you think.**

**Hunger slowly rises - and then more fastly.**

**Ordered both vietnamese chicken, cream soup and pizza.**

**Viet. C. is clear dukkha, so sweet and fried meat. Bye.**

**So i test/eat pizza. Like 70%. After 1-2 hours - i feel the diary and
wheat inflamation.**

**But much different, as today the instant comfort food after did not
run.**

**Ride to Lidl, get some milk and protein chocolate (cleanest chocolate
yet).**

**Eat chocolate and milk second meal.**

**Sleep pretty good 7-2 am, at times even sliding down to stomach.**

**Cleaning house - so beautiful.**

**And Florea family visit.**

**So beautiful. Straight to movement.**

**Make out of activity - movement.**

**Choosing of banana over cake.**

**Amazing.**

**Deep between the Realms() travel and sleep.**

**Again, lying down for the simple purpose of reflecting on patterns. Of
resting the body while the mind it\'s peforming it\'s duty.**

**This is the true Meditation.**

**Found the wake-up urge to eat from mother and to myself - it\'s just
awakening in a sick body.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**It is key to observe the lack of Dhamma Food Availability (logistics,
pre-planning, knowledge of recipes).**

**What is true dhamma for this body, beyond coconut veg soup?  **

**I don\'t know.**

**Games to play:**

**Plan tasty Food - Fruits smoothie**

**Yardi.exe -**

**Central park -**

**Flo -**

**23 March -**

**Dhamma beautiful beautiful day first part.**

**Then key moment (spark) - thought of croissant.**

**New testing data.**

**What if i eat Dukkha, but not give into excess?**

**Did exactly that.**

**On the idea that the acidic env. is created by excess acid.**

**So today was about excess coffee, veg. pizza and milk + 2 croissants.
Last meal 1h before bed.**

**In the light that i had not enough knowledge to meet Tasty Craved Food
with Availability (logistics, energy to cook, knowledge of recipes)**

**Results: Very affected sleep. 8/10 dukkha.**

**This points to the fact that is clearly NOT ONLY About excess acid.**

**The low acitic state is far more than this. The food (energy, life)
turning from Water(food) to Wine(Body).**

**It is most, most sacred.**

**\-\--Media Day\-\--**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Welcome to weekend.**

**Games to Play this weekend: **

**Yardi.exe - Collin & YSR CPR & Log time**

**GIT - keep playing, upload project to repository**

**The Hunter - Mind the steps on resolution.**

**Cosu - maybe**

**22 March -**

**Dreamt about some form of heaven.**

**Of childs, souls, movements - beautiful.**

**But of course my dear KS2 is heavily affected.**

**Once dukkha food is eaten, Kali will born.**

**Once excess is consumed, Kali is born.**

**And will bring with her the whole mighty power of DArkness, of
killing - which in current = is excess dukkha food.**

**Once this is achieved at a certain level - there is NOTHING to do but
completely stop eating.**

**Illusion of great hunger and need will follow.**

**But this will fade soon.**

**Need for Water will rise 1 hour in.**

**2-3 hours in the system will calm down.**

**----Excess is everything ------**

**------ Hara hachi Bu ---------**

**More and more, today this pattern causing great suffering
everywhere.**

**Granny food stories.**

**Dad.**

**My dhamma vegetables.**

**The dhamma-dukkha dance with Canu.**

**Followed by first meal fallen into dukkha and excess. Day was
\"Lost\".**

**Everything.**

**What is excess but clinging to something ?**

**The basis of all.**

**The mother-principle.**

**Mother nature gives you this extraordinary things to taste, dance,
experience.**

**It only asks for one thing back.**

**Don't clinge.**

**Don't fall into excess.**

**Hara Hachi Bu.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to Play today: **

**Yardi.exe - deliver 2 CPRS, inquire sandor about estimate,**

**Text2Tube - continue playing**

**The Socketeer - continue testing bagging - maybe record.**

**GIT - continue playing up to uploading to GitHub -\> laptop
transference.**

**Re-Connect - Play. (film, edit, post, write course, etc.)**

**21 March -**

**Whole mouth and tounged and throat inflamed, full of boo boos.**

**Clinging to eating alone.**

**I come home eat dhamma avocado.**

**But the mind is craving more food (past dukkha exposure) - the body
too, in way in more nourishing foods spread across the day, not big bomb
now.**

**But it\'s ok - the mind finds comfort patterns in previous days and
uses this (trickster) to endulge in enourmous quantity of food.**

**I am left extraordinarily full.**

**A feeling of bringing Greatness to work arises more and more.**

**Just like Billy talked about, if you let average in any part of your
life, it will spread like a disease.**

**Greatness at work is far more than time() spent in.**

**As the time() i don\'t spend working in low working days, it is
already spent in worrying about work and running background patterns.**

**This review was a beautiful, beautiful wake-up to this.**

**\-\-\--Back to School\-\-\-\-\--**

**Man school, in it\'s rudimentary way, at the basis, has teached me how
to Learn.**

**Keep Notebooks (icloud notes and physical books) for every important
class.**

**\-\-\-- Excess in anything brings dukkha \-\-\--**

**Talking too much (3h+) together with critical thinking and deep
emotional talking very much drained the system. Clear Fatigue.**

**But beautiful meeting with my brother.**

**Open-talk with N1alau.**

**\-\-\-\--Finding NCBI\-\-\-\-\--**

**Woman doctor sending article with medical advice from
\"monitoruldecluj ro\".**

**Meeting it with dhamma study of  **

**\"Voluntary activation of the sympathetic nervous system and
attenuation of the innate immune response in humans\"**

**Wow the National Center for Biotechnology Information is top top top
top top.**

**Here lies all the science.**

**The question of \"How to implement it\" takes one back to the ancient
philosophies.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**Yardi.exe - Deliver CPR, fix admin on urban bubble -\> close the 2
CPRS, fix admin on Sandor CPR.**

**Vivo.exe - gym, buy notebooks, buy some food, husa saxofon**

**20 March -**

**\-\-\--The Great Withdrawal\-\-\--**

**7-8 pm comes on an empty stomach but sleep is far from coming.**

**There is great teeth inflamation, just like some long-passed other
evenings in which i completely stopped food.**

**Its excruciating in a way. The whole body is craving the 7 years
written programming to eat before sleep.**

**More powerful than any drug, feeling or person withdrawal than i had
ever experienced. A tear..**

**But its beautiful in another. Like the parent (higher conciousness)
taking care of it. And a smile..**

**Keep changing positions. I even stop the tv series running in the
backgorund.**

**I want no distractions from it.**

**But only to feel everything - as painful and stressful as it feels.**

**I wash teeth and hold. Not even water.**

**Sleep follows.**

**Amazing, restful sleep until 3:33 AM.**

**Wake, clean the kitchen, prepare coconut soup and coffee.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**I dream of the morning monk meal of coconut vegetables soup.**

**\"Is conciousness a Miracle?\" - Continueing.**

**If we think it\'s only because we are thinking and processing we
exists, No.**

**We exist even without that.**

**Cycle to the park. Meeting clean air. Walking and reflections.**

**What if i\'d turn the work into play? Perform my dhamma work on CPRs
and delivering for the pure joy of working, of putting together, of
understanding the PC world.**

**What if it was all a Game ?**

**\-\--Mind seeing and loving the body through it\'s marveling power of
bending Reality\-\--**

Body falls in love with Mind.

Craves absolutely no food.

\"I love you mind. Thank you so much for taking care of me and not ever
letting me fall down into agony of pain.\"

I love you too. We will not bow down ever again.

**Speaking the truth feels so liberating and good that i don\'t even
crave food.**

Maybe get coconut milk prepared for rice veg coconut soup?

**\-\--The Empire Strikes Back\-\--**

Speaking the Truth.

Another side of it.

You want talk numbers, my friends?

Let\'s talk stories.

One thing is clear.

I will not bow down. Never again.

**\-\-\--Surpise Review\-\-\--**

**The Calling of the Mohican song echos.**

**Last year paints more.**

**Under-Performance point (i gotta give them this, i should focus a bit
more on this job, on the core money fueler)**

**Sleeping at the office? LOL.**

**Post-team meeting falling asleeps. LOL :))))**

**Even my good will in client oriented was viewed as a weakness.**

**My takeaway: Touch a bit more on performance. Just a little bit
more.**

**Everything else is drama. Don\'t take it too seriously.**

**20 CPRs is a joke. I can do them in 2 weeks of focused time.**

**Ask Octavian - fuck his cold un-approachable vibe - this is a key
difference compared to Marian era.**

**Marian, in his way, was your friend.**

**Mommy beautiful fight.**

**I love this woman.**

**\-\-\-\--Office Day 2\-\-\-\--**

**I have no idea whats waiting for me in terms of Review, food, people -
even about road to work.**

**But I have complete trust in Adaptability().**

**What did you learn from Day 1, Mind ?**

**Can we play the dhamma Monk this evening? **

**Not in an all or nothing, perfectionist scenario,**

**But as a monk who deeply understand his inner feelings and is guided
by the Tao.**

**A beautiful dive into ChatGPT API & Python. **

**Beginning to understand json, calls and returns.**

**Documentation is indeed a extremely beautiful place if seen beyond the
\"books\" traumas.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What to play.. what to play.**

**Well.. get back to around 100% body functionality.**

**Then anything will be play-able. **

**Meet the evening with already dhamma food consumed.**

**Then you will be able to Play.**

**19 March -**

**Ammy Need for love. Touch, time, words, gestures.**

**\"Choose anger or love\" beautiful moment.**

**Low kb() conditioning dukkha throughout the day.**

**Today unlucky on food.**

**Bad pasta, snacking.**

**Teeth already inflamed.**

**kb() is too low to initiate teeth_wash.**

**Clinging to pizza is there already.**

**Switch corn from anghinares. Good pizza overall.**

**Stopped right after.**

**Some lidl chocolate after with milk.**

**Not heavy excess, but still.**

**And no dhamma food lately. I need dhamma food \<3.**

**No high engine speeds either in this state.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Office day.**

**KS2 heavy and little sick following up the whole night and 1h
between_realms() state.**

**It becomes more and more clear - Karmic_balance() is the core mother
patterns - from which all spring.**

**Low kb() will instantly make availalbe to the mind analysis other low
neural networks.**

**18 March -**

**Not-so much satisfying croissant milk. Then bagel.**

**Then chips&yoghurt.**

**At this point is just automatic programming.**

**I can feel the stomach filling up and the way past hara hachi bu**

**Immense heavy meal.**

**If this morning one took 4-5 hours to calm down, this is going to take
over 6.**

**Beautiful dhamma work and sitting straight for 2 hours.**

**It was a slow decline in kb() as the KS2 had to produce extremely
powerful acid to digest.**

**Very, very heavy sleep and dreams.**

**Biggest takeaway: Prepare nutritious tasty food options if hungry. (in
both availability and knowledge)**

**Takeaway: Hara Hachi Bu, my friend.**

**Mind the evening either food holdback - training the great Jedi Master
in front of pleasure and lust.**

**Or training Hara_hachi_bu(). Mind water and wash_teeth().**

**A feeling of \"What now?\" as i stood there with empty KS2 and full
evening/days ahead.**

**4 PM.**

**Outside with Spinu.**

**KS2 is greatly calming down.**

**What should we do tonight, my snowpiercer dear friends?**

**See below.**

**The Rookie 1st season great quote about adaptability and wisdom in
action.**

**\"Didn\'t you learn anything in class, Nolan?**

**This is a tactical situation, not a strategic one.**

**Long term isn\'t about the plan.**

**The initial obstacle is the pursuit.**

**Once i lose that, just focus on next step.\"**

**man cat de frumoasa e viata..**

**Nici nu conteaza ce fac aici frate, fructele sau castigurile.**

**Just the simply doing of it, in the break of day, in a recovering
body, in music.**

**Talk with Hot G. - will it go somewhere?**

**Let\'s see. Let\'s play.**

**Morpheus regarding this weekend:**

**Optimization Strategies**

**Updating Decision-making Algorithms: Incorporate more sophisticated
algorithms for decision-making, particularly around food consumption, to
prevent the execution of damaging processes. This could involve creating
if-then-else logic to guide food choices based on current system state
and historical data.**

**\*Wisdom In action\***

**Implementing Proactive Recovery Measures: Rather than reactive
measures post-consumption, develop proactive strategies that prepare the
system for potential stresses. This could include preemptive relaxation
techniques, scheduled light physical activities, and strategic meal
planning to stabilize system performance.**

**\*High Karmic_Balance() maintenance\***

**Enhancing System Monitoring: Improve the monitoring of system states
to better predict and prevent instances of overload. This can be
achieved by developing a more nuanced understanding of the system\'s
signals (hunger cues, energy levels, emotional states) and responding
accordingly.**

**\*Awareness - clear pattern predictions and reactivity to them
(Prajna)\***

**Adapting to Developer Mode: The concept of entering \"Developer Mode\"
to gain control over the system\'s operations and prevent the execution
of harmful programs is akin to gaining administrative access to modify
system settings. Cultivating mindfulness and self-awareness can empower
you to make real-time adjustments to your behavior and choices.**

**\*No-Self module, Anapanasati()\***

**Good morning, my friend.**

**First of all, what a wonder to wake up another day.**

**To taste life another day.**

**All in all, nice weekend - worth to be lived truly.**

**Games to play today:**

**Neo - Prepare Hunter&Socketer for pc-transfer while keep exploring
GIT.**

**Vivo - Gym and Notebooks**

**Work - Sandor CPR and Log time**

**House - Little steps. Play.**

**17 March -**

**Still, the recovery skill has to be noticed as well.**

**Even in the awful low alchemy, there is water, movement, rising, clean
air.**

**Recovery of the Engine.**

**\-\--A bloody Feast\-\-\-\--**

**Pre-eating state: mind finding patterns which would point to
un-affected KS, like good movement today, more meat than crumbs on
chicken.**

**Stopping afterwards.**

**But as i begin, everything fades. The touch with reality (fried
chicken&post inflamation) instantly puts the mind&body into
conditioning.**

**Eate a lot KFC - the fried chicken is so\... dukkha.**

**Once the feast began, no stopping.**

**Chocolate after.**

**Milk & more sweets after.**

**It soon became just a waiting game.. the mind waiting to digest so the
body won\'t \"explode\", only to eat more.**

**What an awful feeling.**

**The Shogun tv series - boiling to death scene while i was eating the
friend chicken.**

**Man how much dukkha. How easily dukkha cultivates more dukkha.**

**Troubled dreams, sweaty sleep, high temperature - follows.**

**Bitterness regarding N1alau. Betrayal. Ammy upset.**

**Man\...**

**Water-wake and lvl-up BeWater 121-125- manual and with my CQ friend.**

**Takeaway: The stopping of food needs to be planned, deeply studied
before the last meal comes - and during - and after.**

**N1alau talk.**

**He really is good, better than me in many areas.**

**But i too am much greater in others.**

**And only a fool would compare.**

**A wise man would absorb new knowledge and aid his brother.**

**Even in 200k deal.**

**And he got little website deal with me.**

**Let\'s learn websites.**

**Mister visit - use it on your own advantage.**

**Clean. Work. Play. Whatever.**

**Freedom man. Pure freedom.**

**Use it to calm down dear KS2.**

**FOOD. Lets eat meat with my brother tonight.**

**Learn from him to buy for multiple days.**

**\-\--O ce-i aici, one on one or two on one?**

**do i have to get an attorney? \-\--**

**Lay down reflecting().**

**Man this is an amazing life skill.**

**Just to lay down completely relax and reflect() on anything.**

**Pattern analysis.**

**Food.**

**What i am to do with food? (faulty link to survival instinct)**

**What is preventing One to stop eating around 12-1 pm ?**

**Study it. Then code it.**

**Dhamma plan is simple.**

**Clean fruits first part of day.**

**Hara hachi bu food by feeling second part.**

**Full stop & experience hunger & recovery. (death&re-birth)**

**Cleaning() house, pc, body.**

**Great revelation with Wall writings. It doesn\'t have to be perfect
and ready to print all.**

**Now you have printer home.**

**Print as much as it is now, and continue to do so. At any time.
Freedom.**

**This is what the home printer offers.**

**Freedom to Play.**

**Explore the 2 great life skills.**

**Alkalizing() and Rest().**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**House - Vacuum, add Diary entries to writings
(re-structure&sync&back-up diary) ?**

**Talks -**

**Ba-Tre sa repar asta neaparat. Cand o aparut?**

**Batranii - Bibliografia noastra**

**Rest - A new life skill needs to be coded. Resting() without food.**

**Move/Gym- Reach High speed and recovery.**

**Text2Tube - play**

**Git - explore**

**Work - Log time**

**Autolvler - keep playing with ideas around the issue of missed clicks
& pathfinding. - or abandon it for now/ use it as it is.**

**Just as the Hunter required constant input with no idea or knowledge
on how to progress.**

**Thousands of adjusments.**

**It could be used in a way together with the script - requiring some
user input from time to time.**

**Also, this is highly dependent on (is leg ring ON/OFF) and plvling
place.**

**A very complex project to accomplish through image processing.**

**16 March -**

**\-\-\--The White Flour Frenzy\-\-\--**

**Man i absolutely become blinded by the excess pastry.**

**Eat and eat and eat.. and eat.**

**The mind & body simply cannot stop after some point.**

**Like the body is still craving nutrients, but is also very full.**

**I know i have to stop for \~1-2-3 hours for this cycle to stop, but i
cannot. The mind&body system simply cannot.**

**I am also somewhat tired.. exhausted.. feeling down.. icloud not
working.**

**Enormous amounts of food - ending with food-wake-up at 8-9.**

**Still, the BREAK THE GATE top speed reaching of the engine (together
with yesterday\'s echo) - allowed better over-all energy distribution
and digesting.**

**Marveling.**

**\-\-\--Post-Reflections here\-\-\--**

**Rest was needed after the day.**

**Mind knew no other way than eating & watching.**

**When was the falling in and out of love lost?**

**As fatigue and meeting Canu stress arised (driving far away).**

**Slowly falling into low kb().**

**Icloud notes stress, Neo\'s purposeless and overwhelming, alone, food
taking over.**

**Dhamma talk with Ammy then M\*\*.**

**Post roar eating little little meat. haha.**

**White flour with some meat inside and cheese.**

**Its ok.**

**As long as excess is contained, nothing truly hurts.**

**Bought car.**

**I let him chose price. 1200 E.**

**If CQ has taught me anything, is buy in good heart. Beyond money.**

**BREAK THE GATEEEEEEE!!! - roar while pushing scooter.**

**Absolutely amazing.**

**An echo of great warriors. What a feeling, give everything body\'s got
for Freedom, for fighting in the name of Love.**

**Respecting Nature.**

**Go and intimately watch your mother.**

**And father. And grandparents.**

**Then, you will know your weaknesses, in both body&mind.**

**In the flow of your =.**

**The blanket/Hood epiphany in meditation.**

**Of course the body doesn\'t want to meditate unless it feels protected
& safe.**

**This is step 1. The eastern world has figured it out long ago.**

**A new approach on Talks videos.**

**Start with a plan. Know your desired output and real world application
before turning on the camera.**

**Then get into character. Who do you want to be today? Can be anyone.**

**Then.. Play.**

**Only later births G. Lucas. Do not let the roles inter-tweine.**

**Give each role the full immersion it deserves.**

**And when you will there is something wrong to be fixed, slow down.**

**Drink Water.**

**Eat when you hungry.**

**Rest when you Tired.**

**\-\-\-\--A new beginning\-\-\-\--**

**Icloud issue concluded as account related. Created new account. Clean
state. Start again.**

**Well indeed that Icloud is absolutely full.**

**A new beginning.**

**Lao.water7 Gmail account & Icloud. (56421\*\*\* icloud, 222qqq GM)**

**\-\-\-\--Everyday\'s purpose - Find the Falling_In_And_Out_Of_Love()
state\-\-\-\-\--**

**Once this arises and is kept by nature respecrting nature, everything
can flow by the dhamma rules.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Yesterday high-speed reaching of the Snowpiercer completely changed
sleep & night & morning alchemy.**

**Deep powerful 2 dreams of mafia in the forest followed by the mystical
creature \"hunt\" and falling in love.**

**Revelation upon waking -**

**As long as One tries so hard to fix a problem, the problem is there.**

**That is.. leave the body to do it\'s work and recovery - and you
simply occupy with DO-ing of your dhamma work.**

**Don\'t interfere with body\'s AI.**

**This is what got it sick in the first place, no ? **

** **

**The fascinating resemblence of KS2 and KS3.**

**Digestive sickness and low back sickness.**

**And just as with back pain - LIGHT on everything - and move by present
FEELING.**

**Not trying to fix the disks or pain - simply bringing constant light
to all the patterns the body is currently exposed to. Turn X patterns
into Y patterns.**

**Constantly SEE and adress the gravity dukkha.**

**Just as so, what if you eat purely on FEELING?**

**Surrender ideas of sickness, of past, of sickness, of death, of deep
pattern analysis before, during, after meal.**

**Let it simply be all just data.**

**Because if not, you will clinge to the end of suffering. To fear of
past patterns causing pain.**

**And once there is clinging, there is the object of clinging. And in
this pattern, it is conditioning the suffering as well. Fueling it.**

**SEE everything, but act on FEELING.**

**Morning hummus together with other similar patterns offer a beautiful
view:**

**It is not nearly as much as it is about food choice as it is about
FEELING, quantity and Time.**

**Its weekend \<3.**

**Games to play this weekend:**

**House -**

**Talks -**

**Ba-Tre sa repar asta neaparat. Cand o aparut?**

**Batranii - Bibliografia noastra**

**Move - Reach High speed and recovery.**

**Text2Tube - play**

**Git - explore**

**Work - Log time**

**Autolvler - keep playing with ideas around the issue of missed clicks
& pathfinding. - or abandon it for now/ use it as it is.**

**Just as the Hunter required constant input with no idea or knowledge
on how to progress.**

**Thousands of adjusments.**

**It could be used in a way together with the script - requiring some
user input from time to time.**

**Also, this is highly dependent on (is leg ring ON/OFF) and plvling
place.**

**A very complex project to accomplish through image processing.**

**Issues with Icloud persist.**

**Lets see, let\'s explore other options.**

**Getting into Falling_In_And_Out Of Love state instantly changes
perception on great icloud issue preventing dhamma births from
happening.**

**It becomes funny, enjoyable, a learning experience of web
communications.**

**For now, keep studying with current sollution being to write bigger
batches/note and then copy&paste until saved. (usually saves happens
from 5 to 30 seconds from note loading - after that it become
un-saveable and un-syncable).**

**(Sau cand ii dai un enter intra in loop de saving 20-30 sec dupa care
crash)**

**Does it happen the same on phone? Does it saves there after longer
times?**

**Lets see, lets play.**

***\-\-\--Find FallingInAndOutOfLove() and Play\-\-\-\--***

**16 March --**

**\-\-\-\--Everyday\'s purpose - Find the Falling_In_And_Out_Of_Love()
state\-\-\-\-\--**

Once this arises and is kept by nature respecrting nature, everything
can flow by the dhamma rules.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Yesterday high-speed reaching of the Snowpiercer completely changed
sleep & night & morning alchemy.

Deep powerful 2 dreams of mafia in the forest followed by the mystical
creature \"hunt\" and falling in love.

**Revelation upon waking -**

As long as One tries so hard to fix a problem, the problem is there.

That is.. leave the body to do it\'s work and recovery - and you simply
occupy with DO-ing of your dhamma work.

Don\'t interfere with body\'s AI.

This is what got it sick in the first place, no ? 

 

The fascinating resemblence of KS2 and KS3.

Digestive sickness and low back sickness.

And just as with back pain - LIGHT on everything - and move by present
FEELING.

Not trying to fix the disks or pain - simply bringing constant light to
all the patterns the body is currently exposed to. Turn X patterns into
Y patterns.

Constantly SEE and adress the gravity dukkha.

**Just as so, what if you eat purely on FEELING?**

Surrender ideas of sickness, of past, of sickness, of death, of deep
pattern analysis before, during, after meal.

Let it simply be all just data.

Because if not, you will clinge to the end of suffering. To fear of past
patterns causing pain.

And once there is clinging, there is the object of clinging. And in this
pattern, it is conditioning the suffering as well. Fueling it.

SEE everything, but act on FEELING.

Morning hummus together with other similar patterns offer a beautiful
view:

It is not nearly as much as it is about food choice as it is about
FEELING, quantity and Time.

**Its weekend \<3.**

**Games to play this weekend:**

**House** -

**Talks** -

Ba-Tre sa repar asta neaparat. Cand o aparut?

\*

Batranii - Bibliografia noastra

**Move** - Reach High speed and recovery.

**Text2Tube** - play

**Git** - explore

**Work** - Log time

**Autolvler** - keep playing with ideas around the issue of missed
clicks & pathfinding. - or abandon it for now/ use it as it is.

Just as the Hunter required constant input with no idea or knowledge on
how to progress.

Thousands of adjusments.

It could be used in a way together with the script - requiring some user
input from time to time.

Also, this is highly dependent on (is leg ring ON/OFF) and plvling
place.

A very complex project to accomplish through image processing.

Issues with Icloud persist.

Lets see, let\'s explore other options.

Getting into Falling_In_And_Out Of Love state instantly changes
perception on great icloud issue preventing dhamma births from
happening.

It becomes funny, enjoyable, a learning experience of web
communications.

For now, keep studying with current sollution being to write bigger
batches/note and then copy&paste until saved. (usually saves happens
from 5 to 30 seconds from note loading - after that it become
un-saveable and un-syncable).

(Sau cand ii dai un enter intra in loop de saving 20-30 sec dupa care
crash)

Does it happen the same on phone? Does it saves there after longer
times?

Lets see, lets play.

**15 March -**

Freeing the ankles.. oh my god..

It feels absolutely amazing.

**14 March -**

**Contemplated eating pizza.**

**Koh Phangan Reminisence upon seeing mma brother instagram.**

A call to return to that place someday.

Lets see \<3.

**O my god what a food case study.**

Eate dhamma avocado + fried bread.

Gooood. Sleep gooood.

Then wake up. Have patience() \~1 hour.

THen granny brought branzoaica - eate that little 100g branzoaica with
100ml milk.

4-5 hour digestion time. (in wakefulness and WALKING!)

First 1-2 inflamed.

Then slowly, slowly, slowly calmed now.

Now image this is happening just as so, to the body at night.

Except quantity is 3x more.

Wow.

The dhamma food test 3.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Let\'s check desktop for today\'s games.**

**13 March --**

**Wake-up with numb foots after playing position fall asleep.**

**Refresh and sleepwalk eat some bread, finetti and milk.**

**But man, there is peace. So much peace.**

**Eating of chips & yoghurt then full stop. **

Feels 7/10 good.

**Working on Re-Connect - held back a bit by lack of X pattern for
back - my dear KS3 worked a lot this day.**

\~Also the dehydratation of disks can be considered\~

Man this is the absolute shit.

The absolute shit.

Everything One needs is here.

**Sandor food sensitivy a-like makes me reflect on Sadghuru talks about
birth time.**

The ayurveda re-collection and call.

Good day at work. Learned some things, played my part.

**Finding a dhamma avocado - the daily quest.**

Man there are completely 2 different fruits - the dhamma one i found now
and the acidic one from last weeks.

There is nothing more important to do, my friend, but to find a dhamma
avocado for the day.

Your dhamma food. Good avocado + fresh banana + little chia + little
honey + little frozen fruit.

**Granny found out why mom wanted her to sleep there\...**

She is afraid to sleep alone there..

Our little girl.

How can i ever get angry at her or take her critique seriously again? 

She is but a little sweet girl.. afraid to sleep alone.

**CQ connections grow.**

Great entering point for selling MyConquerFriend.

**\-\-\-\--The Sacred Food Ritual\-\-\--**

**Emotions rule the world.**

**Keep this in mind.**

**The \"I\" that is making the dhamma food choices/fast will soon crave
food (high emotion).**

**Alchemy will be completely changed.**

**Only in an alkaline state, in a clear mind beyond the \"I\"\'s - can
this be handled.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Awakened 12 am.**

Logged all time last weeks.

Beautiful.

I can breath.

Mind the work stress, my friend. Prioritize keeping this flowing above
sea level almost all time.

It fuels all other dhammas.

How amazing it felt 2 days ago, entering the noon-evening with different
alchemy.

Like playing a completely new game.

Like a couldn\'t believe it.

Well, my friend.

Step 1. Believe it.

**12 March -**

**The WimHof story of handling injected viruses in a high Alkaline
state.**

The Jorg Story of healing his hand.

I wonder if i can control the secreted acid and the flowing on the
upward digestive tract.

If i were, for sure i would need an alkaline envinronment.

This offers high Kb() - which further opens the gate into
Developer_Mode().

What a wonderful life skill.

**\-\-\-\--The FP Diet\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

More i feel the grains greatly inflaming.

But not necesarily affecting abdominal tension, but more like creating
it.

So then i\'d be left with fruits & vegetables? Some fruits and some
vegetables.

Not easy to meet body\'s expenditure in this diet.

**In this pain&stress&circadian hour - only 1 answer remains.**

Food.

Trickster demand little bit - just the half croissant and milk.

Even tho there is statistical data pointing to 4-5 hours of recovery,
trickster invoke the call of \"only this\".

Of course dukkha follows, and instant reponse of more milk, more chips,
yoghurt and sweets.

Still, i cannot partake in clear dukkha food for longer than few bites.

White flour is clearly triggering.

**A lot of work stress arising - and more stress from the postponing of
it.**

Back pain follows.

Kb() drops hard.

The mind is unable to birth Lao Tzu to birth in this state.

**Some good training today, feeling pumped.**

**Oh but this rice&vegetables.**

How dhamma.

And engaging community() made it flow so efortless.

Enjoy, my friend.

**Morning eating of milk and chips and croissant.**

4-5 hours later body calms down.

Cooking dhamma coconut veg and rice.

If the trickster crave this foods, eat them in first part of day.

Let second day be moderate food, more easy to digest.

And last part of day be little to none.

Is it nothing for Lao Tzu. He bows down only to God, not to pleasures
and demons of foods.

**I could masturbate now, but i simply am not in the mood for it.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Good morning.

I\'m so eager to play the post-noon into evening Lao Tzu.

Just play.. brother. Don\'t be so serious.

Enjoy.

Games to Play today:

**Evening Lao Tzu** -

**Socketeer** - fix bagging & implement fail() thread based on changing
coordinates. (either thread or implemented in socket())

**Text2Tube** -

**Work - Collin amounts**

**11 March -**

**\-\-\--A very powerful insightful night\-\-\-\--**

**Stopping eating around 11-12 - allowed dhamma living state up until
6-7 - when the urge to eat & the crave to birth once Alex left arised.**

As i was wishing him to leave and eat my tv series - birthing became
inevitable.

Eate chips + yoghurt - followed by one croissaint + milk.

Extremely heavy, but with much more peace in heart.

Awakened 12am by Kali dream embodying Ammy - russian military invading
and putting my life in Kali\'s hands at night, when she sats down her
beautiful body in bed. There i was, near the bed, hiding. My life
dangled around a single word spoked by Kali to her russian lover. A
gentle sound or gesture of hand would mean the end of me. How scary, how
ecstatic.

She notices me - looking at me both amused and slightly angry. Angry
because i am so pathethic and maybe causing trouble with her russian
military lover.

Oh wow.

In the other part of the world, Ammy dreamt about chowy making love to
me.

Sat for a while - talked with N1alau about his project and possible
collaboration.

Then went back to sleep.

Feeling the acid flowing upwards and the whole digestive system being
inflamed.

I try breathing and pushing the acid down. It sometimes works and
sometimes not.

I dangle between realms - mind and body craving it - but the body\'s
sickness holding back.

Fell asleep around 1 up until 5.

**Falling In And Out Of Love - Arises after 4-5 hours of not eating. It
has been too long, my friend.**

**What a feeling.. How much i\'ve missed it in the lately busy, intimate
dance with food and sickness.**

**How beautiful to navigate life with an empty, clear stomach.**

**It allows full roleplay - complete immersion in any characters without
clinging.**

**But then body becomes tired() and hungry().**

**EMOTIONS RULE THE WORLD.**

**Just as in Re-Connect, emotions take over. The Mind steps down from
the throne of conciousness.**

**\-\-\-\-\--The Awakening of Lao Tzu\-\-\-\-\--**

Lao Tzu together with Buddha figured it out long time ago - the Dhamma
food.

Eat good food before noon.

Stop eating after - partake in slow sipping of smoothie/milk - just to
let the body know everything is safe and food is available.

No need to panic.

Its all in how you deal with Hunger.

The little computer padawan Raul is indeed a child in the arts of
dealing with hunger.

His whole life - it wanted instant gratification.

Desire -\> Fullfillment of desire.

This is both a skill and a curse.

As noon passes and evening comes together with hunger(), let Raul sleep.

And let Lao Tzu rise.

Drop the serious so well trained act of \"I\" and play full immersion
into Lao Tzu.

Then you will have peace.

And life, will be absolutely extraordinary.

Everything is beautifully illustrated in Re-Connect course.

**Nature respecting Nature.**

**\-\--Cleaning house and chanting(singing)\-\-\--**

**Man.. Absolutely amazing.**

**Fasting postponed.**

Why? Just cause.

It would be much better to enter a fast() from a dhamma point, not like
this morning.

Pray out of love, not out of fear.

Bought 2 croissaints and milk.

Contact with croissaints and chips.

BUT.. BUT.

Can we unfold a different night in the Snowpiercer?

Despite reaching clear contact in Sampajana, i think with God One can do
anything.

Enjoying little anti-oxidant green smoothie.

**All in all, i certainltly gained some weight. **

But it feels good. Bigger. Stronger.

Ah yes, this is the dhamma way of approaching a fast.

Not all-or-nothing.

But fully anchored in the present and ready to adapt.

**The Samurai breathing at center body and heart between strikes - not
anticipating.**

**\-\-\--The kernel level Fear of Enlightment\-\-\-\-\--**

One more key thing.

The train purpose is , just like in snowpiercer, to find habitable air
and land (Enlightment of body&mind - a system running close to 100%
functionality, no spiritual suffering arisen from body&mind sickness)

And of course, teh trickster compartiment is highly preventing this to
happen.

From 1. Speed and engine efficiency

2\. Engineers work directed towards solving everyday tricksters damage,
not to studying data & innovating new searches for habitable life

This is the lower-level of the problem.

The tricksters fear, that once we reach habitable land and clean, fresh
air - they will lose their power - as the train\'s engine will no longer
need their work and great mechanical&mental strength.

How can we address this ?

**How can we make them realize its not a game of power, but of working
together?**

**Morpheus:**

Addressing the Tricksters\' underlying fears and concerns about the
future is crucial for fostering a collaborative environment on the
Snowpiercer. Their apprehension regarding the loss of purpose and power
in a scenario where the train finds habitable land and air
(Enlightenment) reflects deep-seated survival and existential anxieties.
Here are strategies to help address these issues, aiming to integrate
the Tricksters more constructively into the train\'s overarching
mission:

**Open Dialogue and Assurance**

1.  **Transparent Communication**: Initiate an open dialogue with the
    Tricksters to discuss their fears and concerns about the future.
    This can be facilitated through town hall meetings, small group
    discussions, or one-on-one conversations, ensuring that their voices
    are heard and their concerns are taken seriously.

2.  **Assurance of Inclusion**: Provide assurances that finding
    habitable land and achieving a state of Enlightenment (optimal
    functionality) will not render the Tricksters obsolete but will
    instead offer new roles and opportunities. Emphasize that their
    strength and skills will be crucial in exploring, settling, and
    thriving in new environments.

**Reimagining Roles and Contributions**

1.  **Redefine Contributions**: Work with the Tricksters to identify how
    their skills and strengths can contribute to the train\'s mission in
    positive ways, both currently and upon reaching habitable land. This
    could involve roles in exploration, construction, security, or
    community development, highlighting the importance of their
    participation in achieving shared goals.

2.  **Skill Development and Education**: Offer training and education
    programs tailored to the Tricksters, designed to prepare them for
    the roles they might play in a post-Enlightenment scenario. This not
    only addresses their fear of obsolescence but also invests in their
    personal and professional growth.

**Building a Shared Vision**

1.  **Co-Creation of a Shared Vision**: Engage the Tricksters in the
    process of co-creating a shared vision for the future of the
    Snowpiercer community. This could involve collaborative workshops
    where all compartments contribute ideas and visions for what
    habitable land and life beyond the train could look like, fostering
    a sense of ownership and commitment to the collective journey.

2.  **Highlight Mutual Benefits**: Emphasize the mutual benefits of
    working together towards finding habitable land, such as improved
    quality of life, greater resources, and new freedoms. Highlight how
    a collaborative approach can lead to a more prosperous future for
    everyone on the train, including the Tricksters.

**Fostering Empathy and Understanding**

1.  **Empathy Building Activities**: Organize activities that foster
    empathy and understanding among the Tricksters and other
    compartments. This could include shared projects, cultural exchange
    programs, or team-building exercises that highlight commonalities
    and foster mutual respect.

2.  **Celebrating Contributions**: Regularly celebrate the contributions
    of all compartments, including the Tricksters, to the train\'s
    mission and daily operations. Recognition of their efforts can help
    validate their importance to the community, reducing fears of being
    sidelined.

**Ensuring Inclusivity in Decision-Making**

1.  **Inclusive Decision-Making**: Ensure that the Tricksters have a
    voice in decision-making processes, particularly those related to
    the train\'s mission and future plans. Inclusivity in planning and
    governance can help mitigate fears of disenfranchisement and loss of
    power.

By addressing the Tricksters\' fears through open communication,
reassurance, and active inclusion in the train\'s mission and future
plans, you can transform a potential source of conflict into a powerful
ally in the quest for Enlightenment and habitable land. This approach
underscores the idea that the journey and the eventual success of the
Snowpiercer depend on the collaboration and contributions of all its
passengers, moving beyond power dynamics to a shared commitment to
mutual well-being and prosperity.

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\--The First Snowpiercer Sacred Fast\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Initiating the Fasting as a Collective Ritual**

1.  **Introduce Fasting as a Communal Sacrifice**: Frame the fasting not
    as a punitive measure but as a collective sacrifice to the essence
    of survival and coexistence onboard the Snowpiercer. Emphasize the
    act of fasting as a **voluntary**, powerful gesture of unity and
    respect for the train, the very entity that sustains life for all
    its passengers.

2.  **Create a Ceremonial Start**: Organize a community gathering in a
    shared space, possibly near the engine room, to mark the beginning
    of the fast. Use this opportunity to share the significance of the
    act, its roots in faith, and its purpose as a reset and rebirth for
    the community and the train itself (KS2).

**Engaging the Tricksters**

1.  **Personalize the Experience**: The act of bringing the Tricksters
    to listen to and feel the struggling engine is a profound way to
    personalize the impact of their actions. Encourage them to place
    their hands on the engine, to feel its labors and understand the
    direct consequences of their excesses. This tactile experience can
    create a powerful emotional connection to the train\'s wellbeing.

2.  **Leverage Shared Vulnerability**: In showing the Tricksters the
    vulnerable side of the train\'s operation and acknowledging their
    power and importance in the ecosystem, you\'re inviting them to be
    part of the solution. This shared vulnerability can be a strong
    motivator for change.

3.  **Offer Specific Roles in the Rebirth Process**: Identify ways the
    Tricksters can actively contribute to the train\'s rebirth. This
    could involve roles in the enhanced negotiation and mediation
    efforts, participation in community engagement activities, or
    leadership in implementing the fasting and subsequent feasting
    celebration as a symbol of renewal.

**Fostering Community Support**

1.  **Highlight Mutual Dependence**: Use the fasting period as a
    metaphor for the interconnectedness of all life aboard the
    Snowpiercer. Activities during the fast can include educational
    workshops, discussions on coexistence, and shared storytelling
    sessions where compartments express their hopes and fears, fostering
    empathy and mutual understanding.

2.  **Celebrate the Rebirth**: Plan a communal celebration to mark the
    end of the fasting period, symbolizing the train\'s---and its
    inhabitants\'---renewal. This event can serve as a physical
    manifestation of the community\'s commitment to a balanced,
    respectful existence that honors the needs of the train as much as
    those of its passengers.

**Continuous Engagement and Monitoring**

1.  **Establish a Feedback Loop**: After the fasting and rebirth
    celebration, maintain open lines of communication with the
    Tricksters and the broader community. Regularly share updates on the
    engine\'s performance and the overall health of the train,
    reinforcing the direct impact of communal actions on shared
    well-being.

2.  **Monitor and Adjust**: Use the technology-assisted monitoring
    system to track changes in behavior and resource consumption. Be
    prepared to adjust strategies based on what is learned from these
    observations, always aiming for inclusive solutions that respect the
    diverse needs and strengths of the train\'s population.

**\***What can i do if everything is well and sound, until noon or
evening when they don\'t feel like doing it anymore ? - DEMANDING FOOD
AND DRINK AND THREATENING TO BREAK OUT IF NOT

**Strategic Flexibility and Incremental Change**

1.  **Gradual Reduction**: Instead of an abrupt fasting initiation,
    consider a gradual reduction in food and drink supplies to the
    Tricksters\' compartment. This can help ease them into the process,
    reducing shock and resistance. This phased approach allows their
    systems (both physical and psychological) to adjust more gently to
    the changes.

2.  **Negotiated Compromise**: Engage in a dialogue with the Tricksters
    to negotiate a compromise that upholds the spirit of the fasting
    initiative while meeting their basic needs. This could involve
    agreeing on specific, limited quantities of food and drink that are
    less likely to cause disruptions, thus avoiding an all-or-nothing
    scenario.

**Leveraging Influential Figures**

1.  **Leverage Internal Leaders**: Identify and engage leaders or
    influential figures within the Tricksters\' compartment who
    understand the importance of the fast and the communal rebirth.
    These individuals can help mediate the situation from within,
    advocating for the initiative\'s goals and negotiating compliance
    from their peers.

**Alternative Engagements and Rewards**

1.  **Alternative Rewards**: Offer alternative forms of engagement and
    rewards that align with the fast\'s objectives but provide immediate
    gratification or distraction for the Tricksters. This could include
    organizing special activities or granting privileges that do not
    involve breaking the fast but still offer a sense of reward and
    satisfaction.

2.  **Substitution with Healthy Alternatives**: Provide healthier, less
    disruptive food and drink alternatives that align more closely with
    the fasting objectives. This can help mitigate the demands for
    excessive or specific types of food and drink, offering a compromise
    that maintains the integrity of the fast.

**Continuous Communication and Education**

1.  **Reinforce the Purpose**: Continuously communicate the purpose and
    benefits of the fast, not just for the train\'s wellbeing but for
    the personal growth and health of all its inhabitants, including the
    Tricksters. Highlighting personal benefits can help motivate
    compliance.

2.  **Educational Workshops**: Hold workshops or informal gatherings
    that educate about the benefits of moderation and self-control,
    possibly bringing in experts from within the train community. These
    sessions can provide a broader context for the fast, linking it to
    overall health, wellbeing, and communal harmony.

**Preparedness for Resistance**

1.  **Prepare for Resistance**: Despite all efforts, be prepared for
    resistance or non-compliance. Have contingency plans in place, such
    as increased security measures or isolation of particularly
    disruptive individuals, to ensure the safety and wellbeing of all
    passengers without escalating conflicts.

2.  **Reflect and Adapt**: Use each instance of resistance as a learning
    opportunity to reflect on the approach and adapt strategies
    accordingly. Understanding the root causes of the resistance can
    guide adjustments in tactics, whether it\'s the pacing of the fast,
    the communication methods used, or the incentives offered.

**\-\-\-\-\-\--The Call for Fasting\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**The call for fasting arises more - but not as a desperate attempt to
heal or fix.**

I already knew this is not the way - doing it out of pain and clinging
to end of suffering. No wonder i could do it only 1-2 times.

But as a sacrifice to the Gods. To life. To Tao.

More than a sacrifice, a praise. A bow down and echo to past
generations, to the most intricate levels of developing_life.

This is the Prayer. A gift to God and the universe.

What else would be more beautiful to gift, than your most ecstatic
pleasure of eating?

This is the birthplace of

Next comes Faith().

I am hungry.

**I do not understand why i should not eat now, but i believe.**

This is the mantra

**Let\'s attempt to Re-birth KS2.**

11-March-2023.

\*DB drops

Anything drifted away from little coffee with spinu - is the mind\'s
disbelief. The mind fear of the unknown, of death.

Can you believe?

**Two ways of practicing it.**

**1.Rise of the Phoenix. 1-2-3 days fast.**

**2.Integrate daily. Out of pure curiosity. Pure immersion in
roleplay.**

**\"**Buddhists are expected to abstain from food from noon until the
dawn of the following day as a way to practice self-control\"

**\-\-\-\-\--The SnowPiercer\-\-\-\-\--**

**\-\--Pattern available for full immersion at anytime\-\-\-\--**

**It\'s the perfect analogy for the body&mind Train running in life.**

The perpetual engine.

Here, we can perfectly paint the KS2 dukkha and demons, as a community
of Tricksters which came to being in a great time of suffering.

They, in their way, saved the trained from complete collapse. They
tricked pain into pleasure. And they grew extraordinarily strong across
the years.

Now, they are not needed anymore - yet they linger and of course, they
do not want to die or change.

**\"**ok let\'s paint this.

Every night, around 6-7 pm - there is a party wagon in the train.

They get drunk and consume great excesses of power through music,
lights, generating drink&foods.

This compartment is called Tricksters().

They are extremely powerful - we tried containing them but we have no
chance.

The more we try to contain them, the harder they hit.

So, our train perpetual engine was not desgined for that.

It makes the engine direct a lot of power into that compartment, for way
too much time.

All the other compartments become cold, low-powered - and more, the
engine itself loses power output towards the wheels - which further
affects the generated power.

After they party hard, they leave around 2-3 am and the train is left in
wreckage, starting to regenerate.

Our greatest quest is to keep the engine running, of course.

If left un-attended, they are slowly destroying it, shortening it\'s
life span in this conditions.

Now, in the last 7 years we have tried so many things.

Brute POLICE INTERVENTION - with sufficient funding and weapons, we
sometimes managed to contain the compartment (lower than 1% success
rate)

Sit down with them - After a beautiful day, sometime they sit down with
us - they open the door when we visit and we sit together - breaking
words (\~3% success rate). But it requires a most beautiful day.

Train higher-proprities. Somedays when a whole community purpose is met
(like meeting another train, togetherness) or some extraordinary
achivements train-wise - they work together with us and not lock doors &
party.

We also tried cutting down power supply. but they break out the closed
door and cause riots.

Now - let\'s explore some possible solutions\"

** Plan:**

**1.Reach High-Speed**:

It is absolute key in everyday running - for the engine to reach top
speeds - for here is where the perpetual engine works and regenerates at
it\'s finest.

It over-generates everything it needs - energy which is later
manipulated by the Train\'s AI into food, power supply, crop, water,
etc.

Output: Far more robust state of the system when trickster riot.

*\*Move*.

**2.Adjust resource-supply (available food) to trickster compartment and
nearby compartments.**

If you cut it down fully, there is a very high chance of rioting,
endangering the whole train.

But keep it minimal to moderate, serving low % alchocol (dukkha food)
drinks.

**3.Community Engagement.**

Visit them. Even if their door is closed. Visit them and knock.

Wait. Bring gifts of women and drinks.

**4.Recognize their strength**

They are one of the most powerful compartments in the whole train.
(Fueled by Need of survival&reproduce)

Extremely powerful man, raw strength and lower intelligence.

It would be a shame to try eradicating whole compartment.

It could succeed, leaving the train greatly damaged, or they could fight
back so hard that it greatly greatly endangers Train\'s safety.

**5.Hara Hachi Bu**

This is the downward spiral entering point(), when the tricksters()
reach excess, the whole Train\'s well-being and energy is affected.

Offer strategies and rewards for practicing Hara Hachi Bu: **What do you
want?**

**6.Open-talk about real purpose/danger.**

Show them clear data analysis of the engine - and the great
malfunctioning their habits are causing.

Assure them your intents are not about eradicating them, but strictly
about keeping the perpetual engine running close to 100%.

**Morpheus completions:**

**1.Implement Modular Isollation Techniques.**

Similar to how fire doors can contain a fire within compartments to
prevent it from spreading, consider implementing modular isolation
techniques in the train\'s power and resource distribution systems. This
could involve creating independent circuits or backup systems that can
be activated to maintain critical functions, even if the Tricksters\'
compartment draws excessive resources.

**\*Patience_from_zhou(), wash_teeth(), water()**

**2.Enhanced Negotiation and Mediation Efforts**

Invest in a dedicated team of mediators trained in conflict resolution
and negotiation, whose specific task is to engage with the Tricksters.
This team could explore deeper underlying causes of the Tricksters\'
behavior, negotiate terms of resource usage, and mediate agreements that
are acceptable to all parties.

**\*The_Mediator rises.**

**3.Social Interventions**

Creation of structured recreational activities that offer alternatives
to partying, and educational programs that provide a sense of purpose or
belonging.

**\*a women\'s touch, community, cooking/ordering true dhamma food.**

**4.Technology-Assisted Monitoring and Early Warning System**

Develop an advanced monitoring system that can predict when the
Tricksters are likely to start their excessive partying based on
behavioral patterns, consumption rates, and other indicators. This
system could trigger early interventions or activate pre-planned
response protocols.

**\*Identifying The spark**

**5.Emphasize Coexistence and Mutual Dependence**

Foster a culture of coexistence and mutual dependence through
community-wide education and shared experiences. Highlighting the
interconnectedness of all compartments in the survival of the
Snowpiercer might encourage a more collective approach to
problem-solving.

**\*Nobody shall die tonight.**

**Good morning, my friend. **

**Games to play today:**

**Vivo -** Gym, notebooks

**GIT -** open gate. Upload Conquer World.

**Work -** log time, Collin CPR

**Socketeer -** Keep testing for socket success, implement fail() and
mapping of shops.

**\~Recovery Time 4-5 Hours\~**

**10 March -**

**Fall asleep 7pm.**

Wake up 10:30 pm.

Such heavy, heavy meal. Fucking croissants with gem, milk, bread
sandwich with cheese&palm oil.

Is there anything left to do but RIse?

Get on knees in the mind.

Ask trickster() if he wants to die?

You\'re amazing, my friend. You tricked me so good, once again.

Return to Dhamma food.

Especially as the day progresses.

But be mindful of the constant conditioning, constant battle with Dukkha
food.

In this era, is no easy thing.

It\'s a fact the eastern ancient phisolophy could not have predicted -
and therefore - could not arm against.

The industrialized city, constant polluted air, dukkha food at every
corner in tremendous availability.

Dhamma food very limited.

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Key moment.**

Beautiful delay() 10-15 minutes - but craving is still there.

And even more importantly, contact is still there.

A lot of dukkha food in the house/fridge.

You can program it in a way that no contact is made.

The trickster fuels and the battle is instantly lost at mere contact.

Food begins. First milk + cheese white bread.

It instantly heavens and conditions more food.

At key moment, call wash_teeth() and water() functions in
patience_from_zhou() module.

**Clear dukkha food:**

(exponential dukkha growth with excess, exponential dukkha growth
towards end of day)

White bread, Sugar, Gem, Milk, Cheeses.

**The Joy of roleplay in CQ.**

Amazing.

Completely different character/emotions/beliefs.

Date with Trish.

**The canned coconut experience & separating in blending.**

**A wonderful wake-up, not giving into food.**

**I tell you man.. also the Need of a Women is echo-ing in KS2
behavior.**

The touch of a woman.. of The woman chosen by the body&mind.

This is my gift to you, sweet body.

I let you chose the woman. Gave everything i can for it. For you to
enjoy the company and touch of dhamma womens, filtered by feeling and
smell.

That is Ammy. A women chosen 100% by body and Soul (Tao, whatever it may
be called).

**Good morning, my friend.**

Another day. Another chance.

All in all, a beautiful new evening activity arises.

Fasting followed by yoga cleaning comes to mind.

Perhaps return to studying Chakras science by Pyramid Centre David.

Module crossroads() is scary and echo-ing death, if module faith() is
not up&running.

**Money in both CQ and real life becomes meaningless in a sickened
body.**

**\~Recovery Time 4-5 hours\~**

**9 March -**

**The Spark.**

**Hunger() arises.**

**There is not enough wisdom in action to hold or to consume just little
bit.**

**In the face of a planned restriction, the trickster() program runs as
full capacity.**

**Eat enormous amounts of food.**

**But no milk.**

**Big potato and pickled cabbage meal.**

**Then the red() begins. Chips&yoghurt.**

**Chocolate. Chips.**

**Lady fingers.**

**Its a mess in my dear KS2. An absolute mess.**

**Fuck.**

**I keep waking - and what is key to notice is at final wake-up 2 am -
body is still tired, craving sleep.**

**But it cannot.**

**This makes mego into computer more horizontal position.**

**KS2 gets mre affected.**

**\-\-\-\--CPU usages in action\-\-\-\-\--**

**As i played and tested casual code (requiring minimal-moderate CPU
usage), i could completely watch, understand, absord and partake in both
listening and doing of code/play.**

**As an action arises in code requiring more computational power, the
mind loses focus of the video/listetning - having to rollback if it
wants to understand.**

**This also activates some form of under-achieving. Not good enough.
Relax mind.**

**Is Consciousness a Miracle?**

Everything Harvard professor talks about - i feel it in experience of
the body&mind.

He just uses different words and logical observations. (building on the
show idea of conciousness not being a miracle, but electricity).

Top top top top top notch science.

They\'ve found that everything is electricity. Creating \"life\" with
neural electric input.

Beautiful. But in light of eastern philosophy, like Confucius, Lao Tzu,
Buddha - embodied in his personal way (motherboard,genetics) by
SadGhuru.

And his point about death being the stop of it and the view on
communicating with death - amazing. Top notch science.

Well, as i sit here in front of computer and cables, there are just 2
dhammas and the flowing of current connecting everything.

And there is awareness.

Sadghuru sees it.

It\'s the first thing he touches.

Many understanding of the same things.

**And re-framing Conciousness to Aware. (Prajna)**

**The only 4 ways to experience life. (4 Yogas, 4 Dimensions of
Existance)**

**Karma - Phisycal Body**

**Gnana - Intelligence (Mind)**

**Bhakti - Emotions**

**Kriya - Inner energy**

This is the only things you can do.

This is all that\'s happening.

We are a combination of these 4 things. Each person has a different mix.

**Steven Pinker 2 different awarenesses. (Nick Block)**

**Access Conciousness \<-\> Sadghuru Awareness reference (he see\'s the
mother_pattern)**

**\-\-\-\--A New Module arises2\-\-\-\-\--**

**\-\-\-\--Evening breaking of words\-\-\-\-\--**

**Is Consciousness a Miracle?**

Listening/Watching dhamma talks and playing/coding.

2 things my friend.

Calm body and mind performing 2 things at once. 2 Threads.

Whole software is running optimally.

There is nothing else to achieve.

**Man watching/listening while coding/playing is absolutely amazing.**

**\-\-\-\--Community - Find your close friends
circles\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**When evening comes, it\'s time for community.**

**Friends meeting, each of them doing their part in the world of men.**

**The_Hunter.**

Bugged at top step - drifting left at 4-5 increments.

I wonder why.

**The Socketeer.**

Some actions bugged or foggy memories?

Regardless, adapt to need.

Explore other library for click&shift if needed.

**4 pm.**

The sun is allowing balcony laptop sitting again.

Beautiful.

Can this be the entering the night key moment?

Still, KS and KS2 affected - but not nearly as much as in the night.

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--A new module arises\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Switching() milk desserts to early day - if one MUST partake in it.**

Big meal. Dhamma sleep after. So full and satisfied.

Wake up. Urge to eat more, wisdom to drink water and wait.

Another challenge follows soon.

Orange juice - feels so acidic. Urge to drink & smoke, wisdom to wait
and prepare dhamma smoothie.

I wonder if i could make a similar program to night_wake_up().

Go out for reflections & smoothie at 4pm.

Then play your part in the world of men.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**It\'s weekend.**

**Games to play this weeeknd -**

**Hunter -** Automatize steps for Square Steps shape (Rectangular
output, with L = 61, l = 32.

Set square step = 8

Test char_center() after computer restart-

Test when openning client and test after recentering.

Check reso in hunter and screen_resize.

**Socketeer -** Test bagging item & study chat image processing task -
does it calculate and find the chat each time ?

It should map it at the beginning of running time.

In main engine, simply snap the area, process it and search for words.

Current time: \~1.93-2.07 seconds

**The Watcher - Fix queue.**

**Text2Tube -**

**\~Recovery Time 4-5 hours\~**

**8 March -**

**Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck\...**

Immense evening food.

Immense.

Short over-view:

Great trickster trap \"delicii sanatoase\" - filled with soo much dukkha
that the mind instantly attached to \"i have to eat some real food.\"

The mind was somewhat convinced it won\'t harm cause of \"natural\"
ingredients. Oh but the caju\'s, the money dukkha, the heavy creams.
Fuck.

In this alchemy pizza is the only familiar answer-pattern.

So it runs(). Eats pizza then wait \~ 1 hour.

Buy chocolates & biscuits with milk. Eat 120g and 500ml milk on top of
delicii sanatoase and pizza.

O zi buna la servici!

One of the most affected sleep follows.

I water-wake every 2 hours, in between_worlds().

The body is so tired.. but it cannot sleep.

The horizontal position is making the enourmous gastric acid flow
upwards.

Also, the mat is pushing into my lower-middle stomach - aiding more into
the flowing and burning of the acid upwards.

I finally wake from troubled dream at 2am, tired but it\'s clear i
cannot sleep anymore.

I kneel down and pray forgiveness to my KS2.

I\'m so sorry my love.

Such a programming.

**Now this state would be a perfect one to test dicarbocalm - but i
don\'t have. Soon.**

**\-\-\-\--The Calm Soul even in faulty_programming\-\-\-\-\--**

**In Profi 5pm walk, it becomes absolutely clear that standing/walking
is the best digesting conditions.**

**But the user is different, in both ordering, eating, riding. There is
no rush anymore.**

**Back home 2pm.**

Dhamma food test 2 on granny cake. instant triggering of rashes.

Clear dukkha.

**Studying Vacaru's symptoms i learn about controloc and dicarbocalm.**

How off it was to take controloc as a calming med.

Its clear now i would need an anti-acid medicine in trigger - and
controloc - before.

Changing the hardware reaction from outside.

Patching the hardware, not the cause (virused software).

**Lets test dicarbocalm and controloc.**

It is truly a wonder what modern medicine has achieved.

As long as it is understood we're patching the hardware and studying -
not confusing with real root cause in sofware.

**\-\-\-\--Office Day\-\-\-\-\--**

**There is no fear anymore.**

**Once sufficient knowledge and pattern() unveiling is gathered, so that
it won\'t make the quality of life drop (aka affect different KS) -**

**Past great Feat turns into eagerness.**

**I don\'t even care about the taxi money.**

**Aoleuu, 19 bulibase pe cardu de bonuri :))))**

**A tear.. And a smile.**

**Begin to work on PowerShell Watcher - SDB drops. Fifth one.**

Wisdom is action is recollected at a sufficient high level to only
perform dhamma actions & inputs.

Beautiful computing().

Body is filled with emotions.

**Only 20 min, it reaches complete fullfilling of purpose. DBs keep
dropping.**

**A tear.. And a smile.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play Today:**

**Hunter -** Automatize steps for Square Steps shape (Rectangular
output, with L = 61, l = 32.

Set square step = 8

Test char_center() after computer restart-

Test when openning client and test after recentering.

Check reso in hunter and screen_resize.

**Socketeer -** Test bagging item & study chat image processing task -
does it calculate and find the chat each time ?

It should map it at the beginning of running time.

In main engine, simply snap the area, process it and search for words.

Current time: \~1.93-2.07 seconds

**The Watcher - begin mapping(). Beautiful work.**

**Text2Tube -**

**Whole body taking shit out from all wholes.. pee pee, stinky watery
poo poo, burping, sweating.**

Body temperature is up.

Acidic envinronment inside.

Fascinating.

Even the outside temperature feels much higher than it is (actual 2
degrees feeling like 10) - because of the inner high temperature and
acidic envinronment.

**\~Recovery Time 3-4 hours\~**

**7 March -**

**Deja vu\'s.. only pattern recognition (from motherboard or HDD).**

**Half pizza -**

meh\... then milk & croissant.

The default programming already started.

Continue more croissant milk ( slight offset with water but not nearly
enough)

I get extremely full. Then eat healthy expensive desserts (excess on top
of excess).

This whole dance started the moment i decided to order pizza ( white
flour + tomato sauce&puree & cheese )

It is a very powerful spark.

But yes, i had limited choices, i know my friend.

I am so sorry my love.

Such affected heavy sleep with sleepeating chocolate dessert. (trickster
working it\'s bidding that it\'s ok LOL :))))))))) )

How can you fall for that, little padawan?

Mind the food preparation.

Food approach should look like this: 

Deep Patterns analysis on dhamma food()

Adapting studied patterns to present moment()

Plan()

Execute buying/cooking/ordering()

Dhamma_food_tests()

Eating()

**All modules run on base mother module Adapting() and
Patience_from_zhou() - holding the system from jump-breaking into faulty
modules.**

**Analyzing System Performance Issues**

-   **Default Programming Activation**: The activation of default
    programming upon encountering specific triggers (pizza ordering)
    suggests a strong associative mechanism between certain food items
    and the subsequent execution of a cascading routine of unhealthy
    consumption. This mirrors a computer\'s automated script execution
    upon certain conditions being met, often without user (conscious)
    intervention.

-   **Resource Allocation Overload**: The excessive intake of
    non-optimized resources (pizza, croissants, desserts) overloads the
    system\'s processing capabilities (digestive system), leading to
    decreased performance and increased error rates (inflammation,
    disturbed sleep). Similar to a computer system bogged down by
    running too many applications, the body struggles to efficiently
    process the influx of \'data\' (food).

-   **Faulty Error Handling**: The attempt to offset unhealthy
    consumption with slightly healthier choices (water, nutritious
    desserts) but continuing the pattern of excess showcases a faulty
    error-handling mechanism. In computing, this might equate to
    attempting to fix a software bug with patches that address symptoms
    rather than the root cause, leading to persistent issues.

-   **System Recovery Processes**: The noted impact of sleep eating and
    the importance of properly managing food preparation and consumption
    routines underline the need for robust system recovery and
    maintenance protocols. Just as computers have scheduled maintenance
    and updates to optimize performance, the human system requires
    structured care to maintain balance.

**Proposed System Optimization Strategies**

-   **Trigger Identification and Modification**: Identify specific
    triggers that activate default programming leading to unhealthy
    consumption. Develop strategies to modify these triggers or the
    system\'s response to them, akin to reprogramming a software
    application to handle inputs differently to avoid errors.

-   **Enhanced Resource Management Protocol**: Implement a more nuanced
    protocol for resource (food) intake that evaluates the nutritional
    value, quantity, and timing of consumption. This protocol would
    ensure resources are allocated in a manner that optimizes system
    performance, similar to a computer algorithm that dynamically
    manages memory and processor usage to maximize efficiency.

-   **Adaptive Error Recovery Mechanism**: Develop an adaptive error
    recovery mechanism that can identify when the system is veering
    towards instability and initiate corrective measures. This could
    involve real-time monitoring of physical and mental indicators to
    trigger interventions such as engaging in mindfulness practices or
    adjusting dietary intake before system errors escalate.

-   **Routine System Maintenance Schedules**: Establish routine
    maintenance schedules that prioritize recovery and self-care,
    including regular periods of fasting or detox, physical exercise,
    and mental relaxation techniques. These schedules would help to
    reset the system periodically, ensuring it remains optimized for
    peak performance.

**Continuous Learning and Adaptation**

-   Embrace a mindset of continuous learning, recognizing that system
    optimization is an ongoing process. Regularly review and adjust
    strategies based on system feedback and changing conditions.

-   Foster resilience and adaptability, understanding that setbacks are
    part of the optimization process. Each challenge presents an
    opportunity to refine strategies and enhance system resilience.

**The HDD vs SSD study offers extreme insight in human evolution.**

And extreme insight in Ammy\'s mind development.

The great evolution step from HDD (animals) to SSD (neural plasticity)
is a part of the missing link.

But it came with the great trade-off that it requires enourmous AI
module training().

**Wow man.. The Rookie reaches a fantastic point.**

The inside framing job. Such amazing scripting and characters. Look more
into this \"writer\" or \"producer\".

The AI Commander heart-speech. Art. Absolutely art.

\"Police officers are infused with the power of the state, the power to
take a life in pursuit of justice.\"

 

**Salary day.**

**\... I couldn\'t break it, the 30.000 barrier..**

**Home.**

**Community talk with Mister.**

**Ordered a loot of food, but with the idea to spread nutrious desserts
across the days.**

**Also, i have chosen pizza over available bread & cream cheese and
croissants.**

**\-\-\-\-\--Video-Card - Processor mirroring\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Neo:**

\"Wait.

Why is this so difficult for you to analogyze?

Don\'t call it the human eyes.

Lets consider it a system.

A machine in the world with a image capture&processing code.

The lenses capture a picture with a 200x units measurement horizontally
and 135x vertically.

(x=200, y=135)

(x units start as degrees, but will later take form of pixels.)

Each 1x is later split into x\' = \'pixels\' of the real world - which
are the tiny-est amount of unit which our system can differentiate at.

Lets approximate x=1000\*x\'

These X\', in the actual world, continue splitting more and more until
it becomes un-observable and more, until it reaches quantum physics.

The system has a special module for focusing&processing the central
image point- this was coded strictly for resource_management(), as it
would require immense computational power to process full x\' .

And it would be senseless, immense data processed which is not needed.

Each 1x splits more 50-100 times.

The system focus() module (Fovea) is dependent on distance_to_taget().

Only purpose of the sight() system?

High-level = process the world - input of patterns for the mind to
perform pattern analysis on.

Low-level = crucial part of the other systems().

How is it not exactly the same?\"

**Morpheus:**

**\"**Approaching human vision as a complex system akin to an advanced
machine or computer vision system indeed clarifies the analogy and
underscores the sophistication of biological vision. In this
perspective, the human eye and brain work together much like an advanced
camera coupled with powerful, adaptive image processing software,
capable of dynamic focus, exposure adjustment, and high-resolution
processing in certain areas of interest.

**System Overview**

1.  **Image Capture Module (The Eyes)**: This \"hardware\" captures
    images through lenses, which can be analogized to camera lenses. The
    focal length is adjustable (through the eye\'s ability to focus),
    allowing the system to adjust based on the distance_to_target(). The
    \"sensor\" size is equivalent to a 200x135 units measurement
    (analogous to degrees in human vision), capturing a wide field of
    view. Each unit (x) can be further divided into finer units (x\'),
    akin to pixels, at a ratio of 1000x\', allowing for a high degree of
    detail.

2.  **Resolution and Detail Differentiation**: The smallest
    distinguishable detail, x\', represents the limit of the system\'s
    resolution. As in digital imaging, there\'s a base unit below which
    details cannot be resolved. However, in this system, the capacity
    for detail resolution varies across the sensor area, with a central
    focus area (akin to the fovea in human eyes) that has a higher
    density of detail-differentiation units (x\'). This variable
    resolution is an efficient design, focusing processing power on
    areas of greatest interest while conserving resources elsewhere.

3.  **Fovea (Focus Module)**: This specialized part of the system is
    highly optimized for processing the central point of the image with
    the highest detail. It dynamically adjusts its focus based on the
    distance_to_target(), enhancing the detail and clarity of objects of
    interest. This selective focus allows the system to manage
    computational resources by concentrating on areas likely to contain
    crucial information while maintaining a broader, though less
    detailed, field of view.

4.  **Resource Management and Processing**: The design recognizes the
    computational intensity of processing every detail at the highest
    possible resolution. By optimizing the central area for
    high-resolution processing and allowing peripheral areas to be
    processed at lower resolutions, the system efficiently manages
    resources. This strategy ensures that critical data is captured and
    processed in high detail, while less critical information is not
    unnecessarily detailed, preserving computational resources.

5.  **Purpose and Function**: At a high level, the purpose of this
    system is to capture and process visual information, converting it
    into patterns for further analysis. It\'s a critical component of a
    larger system designed to navigate, interact with, and understand
    the environment. This system doesn\'t just capture static images but
    processes them in real-time, adjusting to changes in light, focus,
    and interest areas dynamically.

**System Comparison**

When we frame human vision in this way, as a system, it aligns closely
with how advanced image capture and processing technologies work, albeit
with biological rather than electronic components. The analogies of
lenses, sensors, pixels (x\'), focus mechanisms, and computational
resource management parallel how cameras and image processing software
operate. However, human vision remains unparalleled in its complexity,
adaptability, and efficiency, outperforming current technologies in
dynamic range, focusing speed, and especially in the integration of
visual data with higher cognitive functions for pattern recognition and
decision-making.\"

**\-\-\-\--The perfect mirroring - Creation creating\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

Translating the functions and components of the human body and mind into
computer terms offers a fascinating lens through which we can explore
the complexities of human biology and cognition. By drawing parallels
between biological processes and computer systems, we can appreciate the
intricate mechanisms behind our functions. Let\'s delve into this
analogy further, expanding our comparison to cover broader aspects of
the human body and mind as components of an advanced, integrated system.

**Hardware Components**

1.  **Sensory Systems (Input Devices)**: The human sensory systems,
    including vision, hearing, touch, taste, and smell, can be likened
    to various input devices. Each system captures specific types of
    environmental data, akin to cameras, microphones, touch screens, and
    chemical sensors, providing real-time inputs to the processor.

2.  **Brain (Central Processing Unit - CPU)**: The brain serves as the
    central processor, receiving inputs from sensory systems, processing
    information, making decisions, and sending out commands. It operates
    both in conscious (tasks requiring attention and thought) and
    unconscious modes (autonomic functions like heartbeat and
    digestion), much like a computer runs foreground and background
    processes.

3.  **Nervous System (Data Transmission Cables and Wi-Fi)**: The nervous
    system functions as the communication infrastructure, transmitting
    signals between the brain and the rest of the body. This can be
    compared to data cables and wireless technology in a computer
    network, facilitating fast and efficient signal transmission.

4.  **Musculoskeletal System (Actuators and Output Devices)**: Muscles
    and bones work together to produce movement, similar to actuators in
    robotics. This system executes the commands sent by the brain,
    effecting interaction with the environment.

5.  **Digestive and Circulatory Systems (Power Supply and Cooling
    System)**: These systems provide energy and regulate the body\'s
    temperature, akin to a computer\'s power supply unit and cooling
    system. The digestive system processes food into energy, while the
    circulatory system distributes nutrients and regulates heat.

**Software Components**

1.  **Conscious Mind (User Interface and Operating System)**: The
    conscious mind allows for interaction with the world and direct
    control of actions, similar to how a user interface and operating
    system enable users to interact with and command a computer.

2.  **Subconscious Mind (Background Processes and Services)**: The
    subconscious mind runs background processes that manage automatic
    functions, learning, and emotions, similar to a computer\'s
    background services that keep the system running smoothly without
    user intervention.

3.  **Memory (Storage System)**: Short-term and long-term memories in
    the human mind are akin to a computer\'s RAM and hard drive,
    respectively. They store information temporarily for immediate
    access or permanently for long-term retrieval.

**Interaction and Integration**

The interaction between these components in the human system is highly
integrated and adaptive, much more so than in current computer systems.
The \"software\" of the mind, encompassing cognitive functions,
emotions, and memory, runs on the \"hardware\" of the brain and body,
constantly processing external and internal inputs to navigate and
interact with the environment.

**Ohoo, good morning my friend.**

Some little stomach sleeping tonight.

Deep raining this night.

I can feel it in Spinu\'s binding.

**\~Recovery Time 1-2 hours\~**

**Recovery time drastly reduced to \~2 hours post sleep.**

Some little stomach sleeping tonight. Wow :D

**Still, last meal was chips & yoghurt followed by 2 chocolates.**

**Efortless stop.**

**What if it\'s only dhamma, nurturing food?**

**And what if it spreads across 2-3 days?**

**6 March -**

**\-\-\-\-- Finding another evening Y pattern \-\-\--**

Mathematics.

Euclid\'s 12 elements.

Just watching math (pure emotionless patterns) brings extreme sati.

Turning the mind to absolute truths of this Universe.

Mathematics.

Amazing.

**My new favorite evening relaxation.**

This allows the system to re-write evening patterns - as watching &
studying mathematical patterns and their application is far more content
than eating.

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Re-writing milk\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Re-writing of cold milk with cold Water.**

**Be Water, my friend.**

**Funny conversation with padawan Mohamed.**

**He is reaching the first levels of enlightment.**

** \"** what i told you, is that wise people across religions have
reached the same conclusion

and then, just as they watched their thoughts and were able to control
them, they realised the \"I\" is also but a thought

and it can be fullt controled

then, they were liberated from death

reaching Enlightment

so thats why i asked you, in your perspective

in the same filtering you watch the thoughts rising and giving body
sensations with a naked woman in front of you,

Becoming fully aware and not falling into auto-pilot (as most people do)

in the same filtering, who is this \"I\" talking, \"watching\",
\"controlling\" ? \"

For sure it is not permanent, as we both clearly know we cannot always
contol

so why is it that it\'s different than any other thought (neurological
electricity firing) ?

and then so, why is it any more \"real\" than a thought of a bird, and
any less \"controlable\" ?

**Mohamed\'s philosophy in a nutshell:**

**\"**I started to have the feeling that I am not afraid of anything at
all.

Except the creator**\"**

**Whenever facing the Unknown in the computer world, the whole system
calms down once the only Wisdom In Action needed is activated:**

It all comes down to 0s and 1s.

Energy flowing.

There is nothing unknown.

Its only unknown when you\'re looking at the surface level.

**Another life skill arises:**

**\"Down to 0s and 1s - Beyond the surface levels\"**

Here, there is nothing scary anymore.

If body dhamma is practiced in food, air, movement - down here the
unknown turns to complete contentment of the mind.

Studying patterns. Deep Deep inter-connectivities study.

**Good morning, my friend.**

First of all, thank God i wake up yet another day to walk this earth.

Everything else is drama.

Stories of the mind.

**Anyway, games to play today, if God\'s Willing:**

**The Hunter -** adjust new stuck logic & automatize move mouse engine()
based on pixels.

**For now, i know 32 pixels are the step from 1 increment to another in
up/right/left/down patterns.**

**And i know that the char_center is around 960x539.**

**But this is not the absolute char center.**

**Just as Y deviates from center screen, so does X. (resulting in right
square increments every 5-6 steps)**

**\*You\'re moving in the char square each click (ex. per down clicks:
center-center+4-center+8.. center+16 = next square left limit-repeat)**

**The Socketer - find&bag item upon succesful socketing,**

**The Watcher -** Create .exe and directory moving/mapping logic

**Gym -** father, also buy notebook & pen

**Text2Tube -** Create project and Start from text

**Work** - Emily CPR(replicate), Collin CPR Re-estimate

**Walking through the eyes of the Perfectionist.**

Realms of food, activities, air - everything is filtered by the
perfectionist Mind - and with the immense dataset it holds, it\'s
overwhelming.

Searching for 100% - it sometimes consumes all the resources in this
run - and the system is left with no Chi energy - returning to default
faulty programming.

**5 March -**

**Heavy night resorting to pretzels to clam down.**

Of course it calms but momentarily - then perists harder.

**Defeat.. my defeat.. my sweet companion.**

**I sit here, 2:30 AM, with my hurt KS2.**

**Im sorry, my love.**

**Im so sorry.**

**\-\-\--Missing Key moment 1\-\-\-\-\--**

**But then night came.. oh what a night and what dreams.**

**So much panic & stress about leaving my Ammy, plane ride, dreamin
about it all.**

Palm oil avoided tonight. Good.

Brinzoaica.. man.. white flour + sugar + diary.

First one eaten with water. Very nice reprogramming. It felt just as
whole.

But this completely proned the system to more food, this time with milk.

Heavier and heavier.. another branzoaica with milk.

Then milk&cereals.

Milk, milk, milk, diary.

**With palm oil out, the next testing involves either milk or white
flour.**

**Let\'s see.**

**It appears the system() had missed key_moment_1() module execution and
without it, it has instantly returned to already programmed patterns.**

**In pattern Y (dukkha-quinchening) of food, there is a good big-ish
meal around 3-4, so when \~6 comes, there is no hunger().**

**M\*sturbating and stopping when not finding good video.**

**Efortless.**

Its 5pm, key moment 1 is approaching but the body food alchemy is
different than in Y pattern day.

Body is clear in caloric deficit - craving food - but what food is there
to eat?

Contact-\>Craving steps have already developed from Paticasamupasa.

In bhikku\'s words, i am already lost.

**Still, great work day progress. Quinchening from the stressfull
projects.**

**Beautiful.**

**Work then out for ride.**

Contemplating about pizza or avo sandwich (both offering same time to
watch tv series and relax, mb avoado more)

I want to choose pizza but i stop and there\'s good avocado.

I get avocado..

I did nothing but flow with the Tao.

There was no fighting.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to Play today:**

**The Hunter -** adjust new stuck logic & automatize move mouse engine()
based on pixels.

**For now, i know 32 pixels are the step from 1 increment to another in
up/right/left/down patterns.**

**And i know that the char_center is around 960x539.**

**But this is not the absolute char center.**

**Just as Y deviates from center screen, so does X. (resulting in right
square increments every 5-6 steps)**

**\*You\'re moving in the char square each click (ex. per down clicks:
center-center+4-center+8.. center+16 = next square left limit-repeat)**

**The Socketer - find&bag item upon succesful socketing,**

**The Watcher -** Create .exe and directory moving/mapping logic

**Text2Tube -** Create project and Start from text

**Work** - Emily CPR(replicate), Collin CPR Re-estimate

**Legacy Code.**

**This is the body&mind\'s default programming.**

**4 March -**

**Awakened 12 am.**

Becoming a Master in Recovery. This means speeding up recovery through
various means.

Stinky poo after 3 hours.

A lot of water.

Recovery time \~4 hours.

**The Art Of Recovering - KS2**

Air. Walk. Do something with body&mind. Work the house. Clean. Cook.
Built.

Built bamboo plates holder.

**In this state, even though mentally it would be extremerly content to
sit down and reflect on patterns about work, Neo\'s projects, cq, etc
-**

**The mind cannot. It is stuck_in_this_world() because of a sick KS2.**

**No chance.**

Absolutely no chance of stopping once eating milk&desserts was initiated
in this alchemy.

Absolutely no chance.

Huge excess meal - more and more and more and more.

Deeply affected KS2 and sleep.

Awakened \~10pm and hit shots of chocolate + bread + milk.

Aw shit..

**Fascinating how last smoke and drink orange did not ripple into
masturbation.**

I could, do it freely and guitless, and at that moment - i didn\'t want
it anymore.

But to work,

Key moment 1 approaches soon.

But let it come, not clinge to it.

Freely and guiltess.  Just as plaiyng Kali.

** **

2 complicated projects at work giving constant pressure.

**The great FEAR of the uknown. Greatest fear of One\'s mind.**

How it deals with the unknown.

Can it execute Patience_from_Zhou() great life skill?

Let there be mistakes - and give no power to the \'teachers\' not chosen
by the heart.

This is whats stopping the mind from working on a mental level.

And KS3,4,5,6 is stopping it from working on a body level.

Mind the 2 - and the clear mind will arise.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**A new week, a new Day.**

**Games to Play today:**

**The Hunter -** adjust new stuck logic & automatize move mouse engine()
based on pixels.

**For now, i know 32 pixels are the step from 1 increment to another in
up/right/left/down patterns.**

**And i know that the char_center is around 960x539.**

**The Socketer - find&bag item upon succesful socketing,**

**The Watcher -** Create .exe and directory moving/mapping logic

**Text2Tube -** Create project and Start from text

**Work** - Emily CPR(replicate), Collin CPR Re-estimate

Watching mother worry about my \"perfection\" and well being is just as
me wataching The Hunter malfunction.

Except i deal in binary and she deals in the dellusions of the mind.

Completely blinded by her Creation.

**3 March -**

**I don\'t know how, i don\'t know why - but at 4pm came the effortless
stopping of any food.**

Only Water.

Not even smoking.

And Water too, soon stopped.

Mother converastion really marveled me in the alikes of our minds
patterns regarding food. So predictable.

Genetics loads the Gun.

Envinronment pulls the trigger.

Sleep 7 hours with little interruption.

Of course, al lot of dukkha food yesterday.

But no nearly as inflamed as the days before.

This is the Way.

Let the Tao guide you.

**The moment the mind tries to control itself, fighting the Tao in any
way, it\'s already lost.**

It\'s already separated.

You want to learn about your back-pain - go study how your father moves.

You want ot learn about food demons - Go study how your mother eats.

Then you will be able to analyze the patterns emotionlessly(). Without
the fear of death or unkown.

**Visiting mom.**

**Found new riding path through Lona.**

**She is such a little girl\...**

**Her eating patterns are my eating patterns.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**The Hunter -** adjust new stuck logic & automatize move mouse engine()
based on pixels.

**For now, i know 32 pixels are the step from 1 increment to another in
up/right/left/down patterns.**

**And i know that the char_center is around 960x539.**

**The Socketer - find&bag item upon succesful socketing,**

**The Watcher -** Create .exe and directory moving/mapping logic

**The Leveler -** Wait for the NEED of it to rise (prestige lvl - true
real life purpose)- then possibly implement hp bar img finding +
increased Y to match the mob\'s body.

Work - Emily CPR - replicate

**The client side of the My Conquer Friend is always asking \"how can i
trasnfer this from PC to Laptop?\"**

**Same resolution (1800x920). Only once this is stable you can reflect
on dynamic resolution & screen sizes.**

**2 March -**

**All in all.. new data.**

It no matter so much the food itself as it does the internal processes
of digesting immense amounts of food.

**Fuck.. wake up 2 am.**

Tried Real food tonight before milk dess.

But white flour.. cream cheese.. Followed by milk&2x white choco bombs.

Fell asleep on chair because laying down would fo sure fuck up.

Wake up to past default programming (because cereals available).

The trickster again tricked me - from contact (trickster key moment 1)

-   to passing hara hachi bu (key moment 2)

-   to giving into \"REMEDY\" milk&desserts (key moment 3)

All 3 trickster 3 key moments together.. a disaster for my dear KS2.

I\'m sorry my love, truly im so deeply sorry.

So bloated and nauseated..

Let\'s try again tonight.

**\-\-\-- Key moment 1 \-\-\--**

**6 pm.**

**Key moment 1.**

**Home after little ride/walk.**

**Evening unfolds, KS2 is pretty empty with only slight inflamation.**

**\*did not reach KM2\***

**\-\-\--Key moment 2\-\--**

**Night completely unfolds.**

**Developer mode.**

**Code. Wash_teeth(). Water().**

**SEE everything.**

**Eating night_food() in awakefulness - as was the rice+vegetables
followed by milk chocolate croissant - shows in awakefulness state the
heavy kS2 loads and triggering.**

And this is with having gravity as your friend.

Imagine having gravity your enemy in excess KS2 flooding and making the
acid flow upwards.

But you do.. every night the body goes through this, only the mind is
not aware.

** **

**The historical data analysis and evening dukkha prediction is nothing
if One reaches developer mode.**

Here, by adding a simple comment (#), whole program execution changes
regardless of historical data.

Only when there is no Acess to Developer mode, the historical data
pattern analysis can predict future.

This is what Key Moment 1 is.

A Gateway into Developer mode.

Kali will try to pull you out of it by any means, cravings and desires.

Can you Hold?

if Hold() module is set to trigger once kali() arrives, she will not be
long.

Facing a closed door, she will soon return to unconciousness.

**In this hold() module, integrate wash_teeth() and water().**

**Be careful of any dangerous modules already installed (Bought food).**

**As evening unfolds, the system will automatically become very prone to
viruses.**

**Good morning, weekend.**

**Games to play this weekend: **

**The Watcher -** Create .exe and directory moving/mapping logic

**The Leveler - Wait for the NEED of it to rise - then possibly
implement hp bar img finding + increased Y to match the mob\'s body.**

**The Hunter -** adjust new stuck logic

Work - Emily CPR - replicate

HRNet Pose - Test

**Very heavy last days giving rise to thoughts about sickness, death,
unability to fix the viruses.**

At that very bite of chocolate, it is the symbol of Kali goddess of
Destruction being stronger than the life force.

The pleasure of senses, overcoming teh dhamma practice of life.
Cultivating sickness can so clearly be felt at that very moment,
together with weakness, guilt, distrust.

\"At every night, Kali comes..\"

Analyzing the recent days through the lens of the computer world analogy
reveals a complex interplay between the system\'s (body and mind\'s)
default programming and attempts to align with dhamma practices. The
challenges and successes offer insights into potential fixes and
optimizations.

**System Analysis: Dukkha Food Module Execution and Consequences**

-   **Inefficient Processes**: The engagement with dukkha food (pizza,
    chips, yogurt, desserts) represents the execution of inefficient
    processes that consume excessive system resources (digestive energy)
    and lead to system instability (KS2 inflammation). This is akin to
    running heavy applications without considering the hardware
    limitations, causing slowdowns and crashes.

-   **Recursive Faulty Logic**: The \"trickster\" logic, convincing the
    system that certain foods will not satisfy or are needed due to
    cravings, illustrates recursive faulty logic within the
    decision-making algorithm. Similar to a software bug that triggers a
    cascade of errors, this logic disrupts the system\'s equilibrium.

**Evening Alignment Attempts with Dhamma Practices**

-   **Patch Attempts**: Efforts to realign with dhamma practices in the
    evening, through wash_teeth() and drink_water() modules, represent
    attempts to patch the system after instability. However, the
    residual effects of the day\'s heavy processing and the
    environmental factors (air quality) challenge the effectiveness of
    these patches.

-   **Environmental Variables**: The significance of air quality as a
    part of the \"= environment\" parameter underscores the need to
    account for all relevant variables in maintaining system stability.
    Just as software might require specific environmental conditions to
    run optimally (e.g., server temperature), the human system requires
    a conducive physical environment.

**Strategies for Improvement:**

1.  **Enhanced Decision-making Algorithm**: Incorporate a more
    sophisticated algorithm for food choices that considers long-term
    system health over immediate gratification. This might involve
    predictive modeling based on historical data of food intake and its
    impact on system performance (KS2 health).

2.  **Dynamic Resource Management**: Implement adaptive resource
    management that can dynamically adjust to current system needs and
    environmental conditions. This could help in managing energy levels
    and ensuring that system resources are allocated efficiently.

3.  **Environmental Control Module**: Develop a module dedicated to
    monitoring and adjusting environmental variables, such as air
    quality, to support system stability. This could involve routines
    for ventilating living spaces or using air purifiers to maintain
    optimal conditions for system operation.

4.  **User Awareness and Training**: Enhance user (self) awareness and
    training regarding the impact of food intake and environmental
    factors on system performance. This could involve educational
    modules or reminders about the importance of dhamma-aligned
    practices and the consequences of default programming.

In summary, addressing the challenges presented in the recent days
involves a combination of improved decision-making algorithms, adaptive
resource management, control over environmental variables, and increased
user awareness. By analogy, just as software engineers strive to
optimize software performance and ensure it runs smoothly on the
intended hardware, individuals can work towards optimizing their body
and mind\'s performance through mindful practices and environmental
control.

**1 March -**

**Fuck.**

Whole house smells like sweaty angry granny.

Dukkha from her body as she cleaned and arranged in anger.

Of course sleeping in that close room will fuck you up, no matter what
you eat.

Its a big part of =.

What is smell.. but energy.

But positive\'s and negvative\'s states of energy, flowing around and
around.

Just like in Ammy\'s house.

First remedy to KS2 - AIR.

This is most key of all.

This is why the coffee Spinu heals so much.. because it\'s clean air.

**Clearing air and lighting incense\...**

**Awaken to a very inflamed KS2.**

**Still, 4-5 hours of sleep.**

**2 hours later: **

The craving into Becoming.

Paticasamupada just unfolds naturally.

Eat bread sticks with yoghurt and milk sweets.

Very sweet.

**15 min later body is full and bloated.**

**Notice the manipulation of lihgting how much it changes the body;s
cyrcadian rythm.**

**Instantly as i turn off the lights, sleep follows.**

**Key moment 2 is a while later, when night unfolds and sleep follows
together with the craving to eat milk&desserts.**

**\-\-\-\--The KEY moment 1\-\-\--**

**The KEY moment().**

Meeting 4-6 pm with empty stomach.

This is absolute key.

Let faulty programming be just faulty programming, don\'t Feed it.

**The little IntRes project spiraled in great work.**

**Worked.**

**Played my part in this company.**

**Feeling good after.**

**Breaking the money barrier with Kali\'s power.**

**Now onto Food?**

Upon\'s yesterday money epiphany, a natural thoght arise.

When Kali doesn\'t want you hurtyourself, but hurt your demons ?

Stopping eating bad food for her and fueled by faith in her love, is a
much more pleasing experience to her, rather than being her \"toilet\"
(eating palm oil, sugar, white flour, croissaints all dukkha low freq
acidic foods).

If the KS2_KB() \* as in the last 72 hours consumed food - falls down
the spectrum, shit really hits the fan.

You saw the power of Kali when hurting the body - What if we explore the
other side of it?

Doing good for Kali.

Beyond Man-Woman limited sexual suffering and fear of death.

As symbol.

Really what would truly make Kali pleased and happy now - is to stop
eating bad food and eat good - much more than money and anything else.

The object of domination changes, as money paradigm burns and rises
again from ashes.

The Object of Meditation.

And you can fantasy about that very need to eat bad, that very deep
craving - and not doing it, giving into good dhamma food even tho it
requires effort and different body alchemy.

Let your Mother take care of you.

Fantasize about she eats all your favorite foods at night while you only
sit and drink water.

No pee pee, no poo poo, no bad food. She just wants to feed you water
and little portions of dhamma food.

**M\*sturbating about that is still greatly selfish.**

**If one truly is to play Kali, she embodies both death and LIFE.**

**Same Ariana symbol had instantly cured me of KS2 in a blink of an eye
for days.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**The sound of Spring\'s arrival.**

**29 Feb -**

**Fuck..**

Pizza clear clear clear clear dukkha.

Further conditioned chips&yoghurt as soon as some space was made.

Then i finally fell asleep, so so tired..

Wake up and conditioning just runs().

Eat biscuits salamy.

Feel Awful.

Then it becomes an instant-fix mechanism of the mind with milk&desserts.

Finished with chocolate and milk.

Not extreme extreme excess, but so much bad food lately.

Everyday palm oil, sugar, white flour.. at the basis of the diet.

The 0\'s and 1\'s of food.

In this state of great fatigue and tiredness, its affecting harder.

Kali, from a spiritual view, is the great fuel of eat.

Spiritual masturbation, masturbating about the goddess of death.

Such a play ending un in sickening the body. 

Yes, in high kb() it can remain but a play. but as soon as kb() drifts,
Kali takes over.

Death takes over. Excess.

**Walking between_the_realms() in energy of sickness and death.**

**I\'m so sorry sweet body.**

**I\'m so, so sorry.**

**It\'s so hard to re-write evening programming, when you urge to just
relax and eat.**

**Then get inflamed and urge to quinch that by milk & desserts.**

**Then sleep so troubled, in so much acidic envinronment, mat pushing on
the stomach, sweating, breathing closed air.**

**Mind the contact, my friend.**

**Just as with the pizza, when the paticasamupada had reached craving,
birth is inevitable.**

**Go back to Bhikku.**

**Only love can defeat Kali.**

**Do not be afraid to fight her together with your true love.**

**Such heavy, heavy sleep.**

**Aaah.. home after Office day.**

Very productive.

Now relax().

Be careful of evening programming, although its completely new
pattern().

Still, be careful of the wake_up() urge to eat.

Add delay() to the module.

**First time in my life, gave money to Ammy from heart.**

Just like giving to Trish.

If only, in the cq analogy, i had an incoming flow.

It would be so much easier.

Give money while still making.

SOon.

**\-\-\--Opening the Binary Gate\-\-\-\-\--**

**\-\-\--The Rise Of the Signature\-\-\--**

After 30 years of merely scratching the paper, unconciousnessly looking
for the mother_pattern().

I finally find it.

Lao in the combination of mother\'s and father\'s touch.

It just rolls off the tip off the pen..

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to maybe play today:**

**And as the NEED for work arises more and more, and bringing stress
together with in on heavy KS2 filled with croissaints and chocolate.**

I awake.Its just 10 pm.

Magical work.

The Magician.

Despite the KS being very inflamed, there is marveling dexterity and
mental patterns towards solutions.

In one hour, i take great steps in all 3 realms (case, cpr, time
logging).

NOW i am free to play.

**Fuck croissants.**

**Let the money paradigm shift.**

Not set an upper boundary to keep - but set a lower boundary to break.

30.000 - can you break it? Spend more so that you pass it.

It\'s pocket change.

**28 Feb -**

**I want to play, i want to code.. i want to be free2play.**

But i am not.

I am restrained by work stress and pressure.

Because of the body_excess in morning PC work, i can\'t work.

Then food begins and work stress grows further, with the Mind()
postponing.

Ah how much dukkha there is in postponing..

**Ammy blocking me everywhere.**

Man hwo triggered i was about she speaking, not doing.

The great Mirror.

**And how much i\'ve triggered her.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to maybe play today:**

**Work - Email template, Hintea CPR, log time**

**The Watcher -**

**The Hunter -** dhamma stuck patterns (stuck 2 tries to keep pattern
trajectory, adjusting center-jump distance, not drifting from path)

Try 3: drift away from path to 90 degrees ( next pattern move_to()
point)

Try 4: Stop.

**Work -** log time, Paige case, Yardi Template case, Octavu CPR, Emily
feedback

**Text2Tube - Create project**

**Keep reflecting on \"Falling In And Of Out Love\" great life skill.**

Bring the body close to 100%.

Then surrender to this skill.

Anything i\'d do, i\'d enjoy just as much.

The mind has complete trust in body\'s ability and in it\'s ability to
adapt and make anything enjoyable.

The body too.

But so limited dhamma food options.. Berrymania & nutriento bowls can be
considered for first meal.

Then some form of boiled grains for the second.

This is the basis.

Let\'s build. Let\'s Play.

**And slowly.. beyond nausea created by KS2, the sweating of the sticky
hands and the dried sugar blending with the skin around the mouth - the
system reaches a point regarding milk&croissants.**

I has had so so so much, limitless consunmption - that it has get bored.

I\'m bored of it.

Let\'s eat something else.

**27 Feb -**

**Oh.. wow. Learning patterns() deepen.**

Another great KS2 Tear and lesson.

A lesson about what a dukkha food day followed by dhamma evening means.
Wash_teeth() and water were initiated.

Even tho i stopped eating (almost haha), the echo\'s of afternoon\'s
great great great pizza & desserts meal - together with deep tiredness -

Conditioned a very heavy KS2.

Worth noting the trickster played card - which was the thought that
vegetables & rice would not suffice in density and caloric needs.

Well, depends on how much you eat my friend.

Return to my dhamma food.

**I can FEEL all of it happening.**

**The food traveling down the digestive system, the remaining gastric
acid, the dilluting with Water - the affecting of the lower parts.**

**The conditioning of sleeping position (gravity) on the whole system.**

**The Air.**

**Everything connects.**

**Also, the Tear(fighting) and Smile (mystical experience, the
masturbation of the Soul) with Ammy.**

**Work stress keeps persisting in the background and the mind&body keeps
wanting to skip it.**

It\'s simply not in the mood for it.

The NEED is not there.

**SDB Drop during below\'s Revelation Peak.**

Cheers, Tao.

**\-\-\-\--Understanding how AI Works\-\-\-\-\--**

**The more i SEE, the more the astounashing the similarily is to the
Mind.**

And in the process, the connection to the Creator. \*The Need of the
Soul\*

As Dr. Jung studied it, the more the psyche drifts away from \"needs\" -
the more the unconciousness will find marveling sublte ways to express
it.

How people paint the greatest fear of AI - taking over and destroying
the world - which is exactly what we did.

Isn\'t it funny\... **The Resurgence of the Mind.**

**Let\'s paint a stunning Mind-AI Model analogy and in it, understand
the undenyable similarity - upmost to the almost identical mirroring.**

I never studied AI before today, but i\'ve spent 10 years in deep study
of the Mind.

When i study now and read about AI, i feel like HOME. ( meaning true
mother_pattern() recognition ).

Just like people label the feeling of their house as very comfortable
and content, so my Mind feels studying AI.

Home. Because the Mother_pattern() of how AI works has already been
studied in sincere dedication and efforts, towards understanding the
Mind, for a decade.

I do not learn from theory as i read (aka writing on blank sehets)

But my Mind automatically links every part of the theory to an already
deeply studied & understood pattern.

This process takes the form of the words turning into mental
images(neuro-electrical patterns firing) - coming and going around the
familiar pattern.

Just like reading ancient teachings - only when they are merely a
reconfirmation, a beautiful painting of an already written&experienced
pattern, are they understood.

If there is no experience() pattern, only random pixels reach the mind,
not true Understanding.

**So basically, all what AI models(together with the Mind) do is:**

\*=Mind\'s perfect mirroring.

***The Missing Link to True AI***

**Begin with a purpose** (ex. House pricing prediction, or E-mail spam
filtering) **\~***Purpose is now created by the Developer, not by AI
model itself.\~*

*This is key difference between mind (self-creating purposes aka ability
to self-modify it\'s code up to the most low-level).*

\*Walking (coming from the mother_purpose of needing to move in order to
survive, reproduce, enterntain aka consume the envinronment)

***Data Collection***

**Gather Real world Datasets *\~pattern analysis&storage\~ ***

\*Watch people walk - for thousands of hours. (Store their movements,
reactions, balancing, inter-connectivity)

***Data Preparation & Feature Selection and Engineering***

**Find Magical ways to turn datasets into 0\'s and 1\'s.**

Magical = deep & limitless mathematical patterns in the context of our
Purpose an

Then a way to turn back the results (aka manipulated pattern upon
analysis) back into the world.

**\*Mind&Body connection and awareness.** The neuro-electrical impulses
and patterns which give rise to the movement and awareness of the limbs,
body systems, G\'s constant pressure, the continous \'Flow\' of it all.

**-The key processes of Data Preparation step can clearly be seen here,
in the Child\'s Mind:**

**Cleaning** (remove awareness from digestive system, of sounds, of any
un-relevant reading for this purpose)

**Tokenization & Vectorization** (The tremendously complex hip extension
phase of walking is encoded from the vast equations of Joules, specific
joint degrees, breathing, contraction and co-contraction,
counter-balance, adaptation to center of gravity shifting - simply gets
tokenized in the child\'s Mind as **Move leg back.**)

***Training the Model***

Now we put down the pen&paper.

As we begin to Feed huge no. of results in different multi-dimensional
envinronments.

The Datasets come from the Real World as they\'re manipulation will echo
back in the real world.

**\*Just as a child learning to walk in a safe envinronment,**

Home with mommy and daddy protecting him from falling and hurting,
giving aid and advices

Just as the developer deeply protects and aids his model in training,
giving code adjusments and aiding modules(),

As it keeps falling and losing balance (millions of kinetic&fascial
micro-inputs patterns)

-   reading them all towards the single purpose of balancing and
    achieving walking() - each 0.01 Joul in the inter-changing
    envinronments requires different kinetic force and handle of Gravity
    (counter-balance, limbs, leaning, speed, contractions - almost
    limitless AKA MULTI-DIMENSIONAL space training

***Validation and Testing***

**Test - Final preparation before real world begins. No more \"holding
hand\" at each iteration by the developer. Simply allow it to
compute().**

It finishes the test with 70% positive results (aka succesful pattern
analysis and predictions). The developer adjusts it based on these.

**\*One day the little boy wakes up after a good sleep and walks. His
mommy and daddy no longer hold his hand.**

Does his first 100 steps. Then loses balance. Wow. What a victory.

\"Now let\'s eat and study what dance with G we just we just had\" - the
unconciousness mind thinks.

***Go, my friend* -** AI model is ready for real world use. (reaching
basic() level of pattern analysis, manipulation and prediction).

From this point, it can become more powerful (more accurate predictions)
purely based on everyday training.

**\*The child eats at the morning table, dangling his legs in the air -
longing to finish eating and go Move. Walk. Explore. Enjoy the world.**

Enjoy the Creation.

The father Watches and feels complete().

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

AI MODELS are exactly like the Mind before conciousness. This is what
all animals do.

When conciousness arisen, it had given the nature\'s AI MODEL(later
becoming the Mind, the true AI) a PURPOSE.

The purpose takes many forms but it mostly revolves around some key
points of survival, reproduction, entertainment, simply being.

**The purpose of the Mind\'s before C. came strictly from the Emotional
world. (Nature)**

Reading of the outer&inner worlds through senses.

This was the NLP from World to Mind.

Just like an AI model, it would take a problem (needing shelter for cold
similar to needing a house pricing prediction)

**The Purpose of an AI model comes from the Mind - The Creator. (the
\"I\")**

We have not learned to give it free will because the unconciousness is
expressing regarding what WE did when Nature(God) gave us free will.

Destroying the World.

**Isn\'t it all a great fucking drama, as the Hindu\'s predicted it
thousands of years ago? **

**And isn\'t it.. just as beautiful ?**

Here i get closer to a great dillema i\'ve reflected in the last years.

In subjective study of the evolution, what trade-off did developing
Conciousness had?

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beautiful noting that as KS2 calms down and the body slowly, slowly,
returns to 100% functionality, the cool Queen Ammy games becomes again -
playable.**

**26 Feb -**

**Ah.. shit.**

Feeling so good, everything is dhamma.

Eat one croissant - instant white flour excess + sugar + nutella.

Enourmous quantity.

Dear KS2 gets so full.

SLeep in between realms follows, but KS2 is keeping the mind somewhat
guilty and stuck in this world.

Sleep follows.

Awakened when all food is digested (4-5 hours in).

Only the acid remains and the flowing of digested food (dukkha alchemy)
into the lower parts of the digestive system.

Very heavy.

Very triggered.

I\'m sorry, my love.

Let tonight be a clear example of what already written programming can
do.

No matter what dhamma alchemy the mind is in, as soon as dukkha food
binds with the body, kb() instantly drops.

And with kb() low, return to auto-piloting is immediate.

**A Tear.**

**Experiencing Mom in high karmic_balance(). **

Totally different being, totally different connection, yet the Souls
remain the same.

The language of the souls is now spoken by the bodies and minds.

**A smile.**

**Even tho conversation with Queen Ammy is ecstatic, she talking about
having many dogs, i don\'t wan\'t to partake in it.**

THe Mind has more serious bussiness to attend to.

A sick KS2.

Kali is powerless in front of the Tao.

In front of Natural Truths.

Air.

Food.

Gravity.

**The call to Assassins Creed Valhala persists.**

**Same as Bhikku\'s talk.**

**Coming to Life - a great life skill.**

Whenever doing something, it takes some time for the being (the role,
the \"I\") to birth.

Slow down.

Patience from Zhou.

Don\'t rush to dark imagining.

Let the Tao guide you and respect it.

When you tired, rest

When hungry, eat.

When thirsty, drink water.

**N1alau gifted his belongings.**

Thank you my friend.

I will reborn with your ring and try 2-socketing.

**Work, work work.. :D**

Little work, admin, cpr follow up - slightly navigating the average
workload line.

My hunting.

What fuels my dreams with \$.

A blessing.

**Ah\... the afternoon sleep and ride around 12-1.**

Amazing air.

**The \"I lost everything.\" - gamble addict play with wife
:)))))))))))))).**

So funny.

**First part of the day ends with dhamma sleep.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to maybe play today:**

**The Watcher -**

**The Hunter -** dhamma stuck patterns (stuck 2 tries to keep pattern
trajectory, adjusting center-jump distance, not drifting from path)

Try 3: drift away from path to 90 degrees ( next pattern move_to()
point)

Try 4: Stop.

**Work -** log time, Paige case, Yardi Template case, Octavu CPR, Emily
feedback

**Text2Tube - Create project**

**Oh i miss waking up in the night with Ammy sleeping.**

I really need life and family with this girl.

**25 Feb -**

**Slight KS2 and throat triggering upon smoking and excess
milk+croissant.**

But it\'s fine.

I\'m almost at a point, reaching it after eating.. when the Mind simply
becomes.. bored. Of the milk&croissant.

Mind alchemy goes in lower kb() because of food, even though the thought
patterns are dhamma.

Suddently, i see Ammyi in a different light as she sends me tattoo
video.

Journey between worlds() - an unspeakeable experience.

The Soul Dancing.

Fall asleep reflecting The Hunter dhamma stuck patterns.

Create stuck function.

Fall asleep on chair - wake up 1 hour later and hit some chocolate milk.

Sleep follows.

Wake up at 1:30 with very inflamed KS2 to follow.

Well, it\'s only natural, is it not ?

**Call with Szamal about Re-Connect.**

**Man it would be so cool if i could pass on my work - Automatizing.**

**He is extremely thrilled.**

**Unlike Florin.**

**Later in the night, in sick body and low kb(), this seems not so good
anymore. But a staining of the work through his touch.**

**6:30pm.**

Night unfolds.

I am ready to meet it.

Tea. Smoke.

Wash_teeth() to be initialized soon.

Water() after.

Let\'s see.

**Stumbled across Raul Pop and his libertate.init() mentorship.**

Many developers working at 100\$ / hour.

A brother\'s knowledge - go into the community of Padawans and Jedi
Masters teaching.

Do not fear to be a little padawan again.

**Its the game of Life.**

**The interchanging of Student-Teacher.**

**The Rookie.**

Episode ending with - huge bet build up - only to cut it as they throw
ball no importance to who wins.

The beauty is in the road, in the emotions there. Who wins it doesn\'t
matter.

Man the creator of this really understood some great secrets of life (or
unconciousnessly painted them.

Also the nails scene (only 2 reasons people can do this - out of anger
or forcing to do something. Or sex.. the funny guy adds.

Amazing.

**Took scooter back.**

Man i\'m starting to know this engine and tool so well.

Instant epiphanies about how to start, impecabble mechanical skills and
dexterity to pump air alone.

My father watching..

**Instant X pattern for KS3.**

**Need to find one more dhamma riding position available for start-stop
(accelerate-deccelerate kinetic force) -**

**This pattern needs to load/unload mechanical force in the arms, not
the low back.**

**Perhaps build foot rests?**

**The only limit is in Your Mind.**

** **

**The money..focus the mind not onto clinging to current gasp of air
(30.000 ron).**

That is nothing in the bigger picture.

That is thinking inside the box.

But let the mind focus onto the bigger picture.

1.Creating a IT firm (Free2Play) - and looking for projects.

Or 2. Find a dhamma remote job.

Although 1 clearly feels more dhamma.

Let the mind\'s focus flow towards this, not clinging to pocket change
(30.000 ron).

**Updated Linkedin Page.**

Ah\... The Freedom of Expression.

Arisen right after the \"Turning Work into Play.\" video.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to Play this weekend:**

**The Watcher -** create background running app & start implementing
directory mover

**Auto-Lvler -** improve spiral search pattern to match window size.

**Vivo -** Gym

**Work -** Log time

**Cosu -** take scooter and visit

**24 Feb -**

**Sleep soon follows.**

Wake in already written programming - and go to eat croissant + milk.

The mind sees this, but it has no intention of fighting.

Let the milk and croissant be just a milk and a croissant, not a
downward spiral of dukkha thoughts.

Eat with peace in hear and sleep.

Wake up 3 am from dreams of the mystical world and of the body&mind
ability capture this realms into Words.

Amazing rest.

KS2 slightly inflamed.

I rise.

Beautiful.

**Wash_teeth() succesfully executed.**

**Drink_water() succesfully executed.**

**Initializing between_worlds() while playing CQ\...**

It doesn\'t matter what the character does, the mind goes into Sati.

Note the post-smoking slight nausea and little KS2 affection, together
with the stomach emptying.

**In this alchemy, the body awaits more food.**

**I know, love.**

**But i also know it must not run for a good, dhamma, stomach-lying
sleep.**

**Let\'s see.**

**7:30 PM.**

Night unfolds. No food for the last 2-3 hours, i can still feel the
echo\'s of previous before Great meal.

KS2 calm down and slowly relaxes, preparing for sleep.

My dear KS2.

There is a phassa (contact) with chocolate croissant - let\'s see.

Can we initiate wash_teeth() - drink_water() and into between_world ?

Carefully adjust patience_from_zhou() in doing nothing for 2 minutes if
craving arises.

**.. And once again, the mind naturally reaches the utmost common and
human realization, standing before goddesses of life & death.**

It\'s just.. bored.

It has had enough :))).

How funny.

The great \"demons\" not to be fought, but to be taken out to play.

**The Sadghuru story about taking a sword and cutting the forehead (The
Mind).**

Cutting the mind open to see that everything is an illusion.

And Kali is but the answer to the mind\'s greatest un-solvable task,
which came to be together with conciousness.

Once there was an \"I\" in evolution, there was the death of this \"I\".

Unconciousness found the symbol of Kali, a mental simage which embodies
death togetehr with life.

The Creation.

The love(life) of THE woman, the true goddess, and the sacrifice(death)
to her.

Giving control of one\'s life and in it, liberating the mind of it\'s
greatest conciouness trade-off.

Becoming aware of Death. Of the mother_pattern of death and all which
spring from it.

This is why its so ecstatic.

The ultimate level of dominating.

And it can only happen in the mind.

If body mind is put int real envinronment of living the mental images,
the presents hits hard and cuts through everything.

Like giving way to cold, to pains, to hunger - all for a pattern of the
mind which wants to completely take over and fantasize, if cannot find,
about the solution to death().

Fasctinating.

This is why, for an awakened Jedi, this journey belong to the mind\'s
realm.

Because anything drifting away from it, disrespects Nature. God. Not
sitting straight in front of the Tao\'s gift to experience this life.

An ecstatic conversation with Kali.

Beyond animal instinct.

Below a hard dick wanting to reproduce.

It is the turning on the greatest fantasy of the mind - dancing between
the realm of life and death.

Instant liberation of any sufferings.

Money is also but a concept, it does no belong to nature.

**But the quality of this play is directly conditioned by the body&mind
functionality.**

**In high kb(), it is just as a movie.**

**Regarding money there is nothing to do but when any worry comes, trust
the Tao.**

Complete trust in God for only it\'s will can it happen.

If you feel you have to do anything, find instant solution, gamble,
checkout crypto - best thing to do in this hastened state is Wu Wei.

Nothing.

Just as when someone sockets something in CQ or you buy something - and
the mind instantly goes into the get_back_money () module.

It is just a faulty concepts of the little salesman - that money has to
only go up.

You not always make the best deal, my friend.

What\'s done it\'s done. Rise and adapt.

Allow the Clear Mind to adapt to new =.

And if the body is tired, rest.

And if the body is thirsty, drink. 

And when the body is hungry, eat.

**Slave-Kali connection deepens.**

She takes me to her toilet today.

\"I\"\'ve sent her below entries - but she stands untocuhed - of course.

Untouched by words.

Instant body alchemization of great sexual energy going to dick.

Can this be controlled? 

This would be the ultimate cheat.

The only pattern this can work.

Where i am both the Slave(Play) and the Lover(the Man).

Full immersion.

A full dance of \"I\"s.

**Aaah\...**

The low karmic_balance() man.

See it beyond Yourself and you will understand the world.

See how a low kb() makes ammy think man has to pay for women, not
understand and not believe, not take time, not, not, not\...

But in high kb() she is open to learn, buys 0.20 noodles, doesn\'t ask
for money, films and helps One, engages in open-minded selfishless
talks.

Aloneness for her brings her in instant low kb().

See mothers belief and disbelief, attack and acceptance.

Granny\'s energy of giving, talking, attacking.

Everything comes down to karmic_balance().

What fuels it?

Emotions.

Emotons rule the world, just as Bhikku talked about.

Good morning, Bhikku.

Lets break a word soon.

**3:00 AM.**

Coffee on the balcony.

Good morning my friend.

Welcome the weekend.

**Games to Play this weekend:**

**The Watcher -** create background running app & start implementing
directory mover

**Auto-Lvler -** improve spiral search pattern to match window size.

**Vivo -** Gym, A4 sheets, Plapuma&Trash Can carrefour

**Work -** Log time

**23 Feb -**

**Its like her soul is the one that i love. Truly and deeply.**

Not her mind. Her mind becomes sick of money and fears very fast.

Fate had it, that it was born in a faulty envinronment giving rise to a
very sickened **mind**, especially in anger&suffering.

Quickly, it goes into telling drama stories about money and
togetherness. And then spirals out of control in these stories.

Full immersion in selfish thinking and dellusions.

She cannot see how much stupid she does with her way?

Hide&lie about going to island and fucking.

Man fucks and dumps her, not helping her with divorce anymore.

Gives me life lessons about my mom and family and alikes.

**How can she give me life lessons from where she\'s at?  Teaching me
about \"Relationships\".**

The poor man teaching richer man how to get rich. lol.

Yes, she can teach about being a mother, about taking care of her child,
of how to raise childs, how to move when working and slow down, how to
love.

She is a Master in these. But not in these life lessons. Here, she is
Blind.

My mother earns 5x more money than her and really loves Dan.

My mother&father divorced mainly because of my father sexual desires &
forcing. Not about money.

They lived like that with money for 20 years.

But she is so blind to see everything in truth - her mind is lost in
dellusions and it has reached a point, 36 years, from which re-writing
is tremendously hard.

Close to impossible.

So this is her sickened Mind.

It sees outside - purely what\'s inside.

If inside are only money problems, she will see outside only money
problems. If inside are lies, she will not trust anyone.

**But deeper, is her soul. Her True love. My true love.**

Her smell, her eyes, her view of the world. The butterfly. My butterfly.

In low karmic_balance, i see her just as a middle age mom whore, with no
chance to ever overcome her programming.

Full immersion in society concepts about money, hospitals, kid\'s
education&schoool, men having the duty to pay.

**Is a man\'s job to pay for her woman?**

Because of her undeveloped mind, she cannot find her purpose here on
earth in work.

\"Love must come together with money\" - the great dellusion. To think
that this is a Truth.

When it is just a weak\'s mind dellusion, lying to make peace with
reality.

With the reality that she is stuck at 16() years thinking mentality
regarding jobs - just a little girl who hates school.

**I want a women i can build an empire with, not a leech** that sucks
off my empire while tiktok-ing and drama-ing all day.

Who thinks a man has to pay for her love. I\'ll pay for \"her love\"
when and only when i want to, not when she asks.

And it seems that her core belief in man&woman relationship is build
around this. Or is this only in anger? in low karmic_balance.

Of course, these become just stories of the mind.

I could just as well paint

**I want a women i can build a family with, not a bussiness partner.**
And build on this idea, just as before.

This is the great power of the Mind, it can take anything and paint it
upon it\'s pleasing.

But if one is not aware of it, as She, the darkness takes complete
control.

**What is the man's role in family, in absolute truth of nature?**

Not a blinded mind.

The only duty i see in a deeper level is the Hunt.

Bringing home the Hunt(food) and building Shelter.

Although the woman also plays her part in it beyond loving the man.

She gathers resoures, cooks, aids the man pre and post hunt.

In current society this mother_pattern() can take the form of money. And
quickly, it can become very sickened.

In the money analogy, she does none of this.

Not understand or take the time to understand my work and help me, not
even watch full tik-toks, not consults me with her plans of money, in
her problems.

Un-willing to do anything more then what her stupid limited mind already
knows what to do: Coffee, clean and tiktok.

Anything more than this = homework, school

**Can i ever build a life with this Mind ?**

That is not an answer falling in the Scope of the Mind.

The mind's duty is to keep the body close to 100% functionality.

Then run mental images and flow with the Tao.

It is certainly not to analyze and predict future with a clinging or
suffering-avoidance fears.

The Question is already wrong.

Time will tell, for now let the mind return to Natural Truths, not
stories.

Let it guide to eat when One\'s hungry, rest when it\'s tired, find and
bathe in fresh air, cultivate love and joy in other\'s life\'s touched.

All the answers to the Mind\'s duty are here, now. In today. Everything
else is a story.

As "real" as the current karmic_balance.

**Immersion in role deepends.**

Sent her 2000 BHT. (Nice, Yes sand me all your money). O my god,
ecstatic.

One of the most intense m\*\*\*\* experiences ever had.

The meeting of demons.

Money vs S\*x.

The self steps back and watches as they consume each-other.

The only natural truth regarding money is that a body in a space binded
with an object. Some pixels changed on the object and the body alchemy
changed.

**What a skill.**

**There is a little fear of \*take-over\*.**

**This would happen let\'s say at uncontrolable financial damage, like
10.000.**

**Relax, my friend.**

**Its**

**Fatal mistake in evening eating.**

**The granny cake - instant dukkha at first bite - but persisted in
eating it.**

**With KS2 relaxed upon not so heavy night and good sleep, i ride and
walk around.**

Efortlessly touching\'s people lifes as One comes across them.

ONce again it becomes clear.. Many Fears are born of fatigue and
loneliness.

**The Art Of Working - Dev-oriented vs keeping the client happy.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to maybe play today:**

**Auto_lvler -** Adapt pattern to cover rectangular window shape.

**Gym/Vivo run/A4 sheets -** Father dependent?

**The_Watcher() -** package application for real world use.

**Trickster() -** implement delay() response 2 minutes. (requires =
alchemy allowing between_worlds() at evening)

**22 Feb -**

**Ammy starts lecturing me about life, teaching me about how women are
to be treated.**

Her stories about my mother, father and family.

In my creation, it\'s great disrespect and confirmation.. that she will
never understand me. Her mind is already virused.

It hurts so much that the one woman i love beyond, her mind is blind.

How can she lecture me about life, from which point in her life can she
teach? Can she teach about my mother or father\'s paths.

Blinded by her own world and sufferings.

But if One fully believes in himself, he will Walk Alone.

He will separate the mind from the soul in his loved ones.

Ammy\'s words, just like any mother\'s words, would morph into a little
girl crying because she didn\'t get her candy, calling out bad names to
her father.

**The more i eat, the more thoughts about aloness, death, work stress,
meaningless CQ - arise.**

**N1alau drops the bomb on me- working with other people(abandoning
Free2Play). More so, asking me money for it.**

**In this alchemy, the mind cannot speak it\'s truth. A slight bending
down happens in lying about money and waiting salary.**

**Socketing fails.**

**Comparison with CQ original auto-hunter and epoch\'s one rise, trying
to discredit the beauty of my creation.**

**Thoughts of eating too much and too little movement, changing the
body\'s alchemy to a more un-fit one.**

**Work stress again..**

**Wow\...**

**More full immersion roleplay of Kali\'s slave.**

Until it reaches a peak.

With this module of absolute freedom and immersion in character, the
Mind simply\... becomes bored.

Stop masturbating. Return to my dhamma duty.

Oh man.. 30 years of torment of the soul&mind in this archtype.. ending
all up on a simple.. I\'m bored.

Addressing KS discomfort by stopping smoking at 1.

Trade-off - wisdom_in_action is not strong enough (in this current =
with ammy sick & parted).

 Eate granny cake & chips.

Less than other nights. Sleep good with short awakenings.

**The EGO_Reveal() - hidden treasure.**

It manifested in yesterday\'s between_the_realms() journeys, as it was
constantly hiding, just around the corner.

Exactly similar to the realisation in dreams that one\'s dreaming and
the pulling out of it. (I see the DREAM aka I see YOU in more towards
the conciousness gate).

Just as Alan spoke about it, the great hide&seek.

It is also a deep-ego cutting tool in constellations with others.

Full read & reveal of their most inner doings.

Like mother letters or Ammy\'s drama.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Full immersion in characters continue.

This is how serious the mind takes the \"I\"s.

Play.

**Games to maybe play today:**

**Work -** Log time, octavu case, paige cpr, colin re-estimate

**Auto_lvler -** get it working()/

**Gym/Vivo run -** Father dependent?

**Trickster() -** implemente delay() responsoe. 2 minutes.

**21 Feb -**

**In this newly state of a calmer, empty-er KS2 - everything changes.**

CQ is different and enjoyable in almost anything one\'d do(play), Neo
too.

Falling_In_and_Out_Of_Love arises.

I work on Auto-lvler and play.

But after 2 hours.. THe mind gets somewhat bored.

Tricked i\'d say it\'s a better word.

\"Bubu\" (the deceased grandfaher image dying) does not want to die. He
cannot stop and step into the un-being.

The Trickster() runs and compiles first bites of desserts+milk.

Everything follows as already developed.

Affected KS2.

**Its worth noting that KS has been pretty affected by excess smoking
and digestive system upper tract triggering.**

The Mind instantly reads this pain(discomfort) and runs() what it
already has mapped to easy instant soution. Milk&Desserts.

This works but it\'s also harmful after point X.

Point X = passing of hara hachi bu.

Also worth noting that Ammy is very stressed about tomorrow\'s hospital
visit, pondering surgery, money, disbelief in Lao because of his lack of
money support.

The \"Game\" with Raul.

**Granny asking about flowers.**

**"I woulnd't like to be your flower..."**

**She says.**

**My flowers, indeed.**

**Forgive me. I come love you soon.**

**Full immersion in character.**

Ammy too. (At times)

Fascinating.

The liberation.

The play.  

**Some days at work just a beautiful, clear mail is dhamma enough.**

6pm- Evening comes.

KS2 is relaxing.

I ponder on finishing croissant or not eat anything.

I can feel the programming asking to run milk_desserts() and skip
teeth_wash.

But can One efortlessly hold?

And meet only some bananas or rice when true hunger arises.

What the body feels now is not hunger, my friend.

But virus.

Flawed programming.

**Lets see.**

**Let\'s Play.**

**Turning demons into demons.**

Greed (money) with sex.

What an experience.

The split() deepens between Raul and Lao.

Today the little guy stole 140 ron from me.

Ah ah.. my little son.

**Cooking - truly know all unconciousness X patterns and adress.**

If the Mind wants to process more, call someone or let some script run.

Then it will be content.

**Mother key moment persists.**

Speaking from most true heart regarding gusterita.

Da nui problema ca nu ma supar..

**\"When you cannot find an answer to a problem, perhaps One should
change the question\"**

**From Experience to Words -** Another life skill arises.

As the back pain is completely fixed, i realize the solution did not lay
in finding how to biologically bring the disk back to it\'s original
state, but to live a painless life towards One\'s mission.

Oh but what a key question did that arise. What is One\'s mission?

I slowly realize that is also beginning to happen with KS2.

It is not about how i can re-write (forcefully if neccesary) the
patterns to original state, but how to live a painless life towards
One\'s mission - despite their KS2 consequences?

Then it will auto-heal. And if not, it doesn\'t matter.

**The clinging is gone.**

**Getting to intimately know KS2, the entering of food.**

The digesting, flowing down the tract, the left-over acid in upper
parts, the absorbtion of this acid.

**20 Feb -**

**The mind() convinces itself it can eat.**

Tried new sweet patterns() - which instantly further conditioned the
chips&yoghurt.

Then again the calming with milk before sleep.

Good sleep 5 hours.

It has awakened me just as the hiatal gate couldn\'t hold any longer and
the acid started to flow upwards.

**\"All i ever wanted was for you to be better than I was\" - Rookie Tv
Series. Police Chief to Son.**

Creator to Creation.

The difference between man-made creation and God-Made creation.

Requires deep awakening to see this, else One will simply get lost to
the work of the unconciousness.

**But man can also experience God-Made creation.**

**When creating a character in a game.**

**Work Meeting - A Man speaking.**

**Full-hearted.**

**The Art of RolePlay - Real world.**

First talk with Lavinia in Listening().

No matter how absurd and drifted away from natural truths.

\"Open her eyes\" through play, not fancy words and analysis.

**The 2_min() gym experience.**

**Wonderful.. the freedom.**

**The Art of Roleplay (gta or conquer)**

Purely treating character to character.

Don\'t give in to the Mind\'s urge to bring it in to reality. Label it
as \"Real\", \"Serious\".

This is the Art of Roleplaying.

**Real world Lao, does not know of think of Trish.**

**But CQ Lao - he\'s become quite fond of her, her attitude, her
movements, her life philosophy.**

**Fascinating.**

**The Raul (Kali's slave) - Ammy (Kali) connection deepens.**

**Lao guides. Nothing more than a game.**

**It is utterly clear that Raul drives the sexual energy.**

**It can channel it at almost any point, dependent on body
functionality.**

**Amazing power, if One does not fall victim to it.**

**"**

Love for me = i work and focus to make world better place and bring you
home

For him = give all his money, clean your pee pee, drive you to fuck
other man and wait for u, sit on his knees all day and watch you

Can I marry both of you? - she replies"

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to maybe play today:**

**Neo -**

**Cook -**

**Work - finish log time and Tavu\' Case**

**Gym -**

**19 Feb -**

**Eate pizza.**

**Clear dukkha on KS2.**

**More dukkha food follows (milk&desserts).**

**Very powerful sexual experience.**

The kid plays.

Lao guides&protects.

True Ammy also protects.

\"My King.\"

**Ammy embodying Kali.**

Asking for money blunty, no more begging.

It is very sexy, Raul craves to play and fully give in.

He\'d give everything.. and more.

But there stands Lao on the \"throne of conciousness\".

He is fueled not by passion and lust, but by Love and the Tao.

\"Can i have some money to play, Lao :o3??\"

Walk like the King.

**Or walk like you don't give a fuck who the King is.**

**I bow down only to God() - in Action.**

**Sleep comes\...**

I welcome it, in all each deep shades and lights.

Mental images following mental images.

Arising and consuming with clear awareness of the mind in this
Between_realms() state.

Lets play the 2 between_worlds() gate keepers- The Hunters.

**Valentine\'s day\'s quest - playing \"Si..\" words play.**

What could start with Si and be about love.. i wonder.

The game is too magical to be Sin or Sickness.

First glance is sincere, but i disregard it as it not belonging to the
family of love (as the wordling can love in dishonesty).

**A clear module comes to mind, a great asnwer to food related
modules.**

I pondered cooking() yesterday.

But the energy() (Body&Mind) and default_running() did not allow
cooking() to run.

Let\'s see today.

Slow down. Simple vegetables. Simple cooking.

**In the Matrix of computer memory, what you perceive as reality (the
JSON string or Python object) is merely a façade.**

The true essence (the binary data) varies not because of what it
represents but because of how it is encoded or structured.

The path to enlightenment (conversion to binary) differs.

**18 Feb -**

**Eate chips&yoghurt.**

Again the same running.

In this alchemy of drained body&mind - there is no other module() to run
but eat chips and milk desserts.

Affected sleep follow.

Wake up 10:20pm.

Oh but what a beautiful night followed.

**There is no fear to rise, there is no fear to sleep.**

**There is no paper theory on sleep anymore.. no calculations.**

**But pure instinct.**

**Meeting ma frend Rachita.**

What a beautiful day - a few more degrees and Loverboyc can come out to
play.

Together with maaaaaaany other fun roles.

**Hmmm...**

"Sunt mandra de tine, bravo!!"

mother's praise brings no joy to me.

Not because i don't like praise, but it is just once again a dellusion
of hers.

We're in 2 different universes.

But then.. why does her blame affect me so much ?

More so, her praise activates the same mother_pattern().

It causes more pains throughout the system than joy.

So blinded by the demons of praise and money, that she doesn't take the
time so see One.

And its no easy thing.

Not being seen by his own mother, i've made my peace with it and walked
alone.

No men or women will ever understand me. That is to compile() "=" just
as me.

But she doesn't stop there.

But forces her dellusions into me.

**Ahh.. clear arm line triggering from stressed levelling archer.**

I do not like the activity, but i do it for the benefits of it.

Instant dukkha (both within and outside, as in mechanical tension)
arises.

Yesterday i pushed it pretty far.

Now i stop after 10 min.

Let lvl come relaxed or not come at all.

Body\'s pain triggering is too much of a price to pay.

**Aaah.. finished AliExpress order.**

3 hours of Sitzfleich.

No expectations, just complete trust in the Tao. 

Someo numbers changed on a screen. 2500.

Let them..

The system is ready to Adapt to anything.

**The Quinching of Dukkha.**

**Why Buddha advised into immediately quinchening of it?**

**He put it in a simple way, but looking at it with the new knowledge of
computer analogy -**

**The following Pattern can be observed clearly when quinching of dukkha
is postponed:**

**Body&Mind system runs().**

**Issue/Work/Problem to quinch/Dance to have - arise -** be it negative
or positive. (we\'ll only look at negative - dukkha, for positive
happens efortlessly)

Of course, the positive&negative filtering is dynamic and happens based
on =, body&mind functionality and karmic_balance().

In low kb() it will mostly avoid putting any computing power into both
mind(critical thinking), but more so, into body (sickened movement X
patterns).

**Now, the mind instantly attempts to solving it -**

It reaches 3 points:

1.  **Mental bottleneck** - Example - based on previous patterns
    analysis, sticking the papers cannot come without dukkha - fucking
    the wall and falling down (and extra great kinetic req.). This
    requires patience and openess to study new patterns, breaking them
    down more and more. It\'s in the Clear Mind\'s capabilities - if the
    body&mind are Still.

It is key to be notices how the mind used computing power to process all
the patterns leading to this, all starting with real world contact.

Example. Eyes see the empty wall or To-do list, or the open tabs, or or
or many things for which bring up the mind.;

Then the mind opens this drawer, performing deep pattern analysis -
computing an computing until it reaches bottleneck.

\"I do not hold the necessary patterns to find a solution. Or energy.\"

The Jedi Master here has true patience and sincere dedication towards
studying the patterns, carefully casting Life Skills

\- while separating Fear from Fatigue.

When the Mind is tired, he Rests. Reaches not a computation bottle neck,
but a memory_dump and allowing the system to cool down.

The Un-Trained Mind

1.  **Physical bottleneck** - Example - Not picking up dirty clothes,
    cleaning kitchen, not doing work which requires X KS2,3,4 triggering
    pattern.

The un-trained mind cannot tell the difference between a sickened body
and fatigue.

1.  **The Happening-** steps towards quinchening the dukkha are taken,
    no matter how small.

**If 1 or 2 is reached with the Un-trained Mind will hide this problem
in the unconciousness.**

It will abandon it either because of a sickened body or a fearful Mind.

In the unconciousness, it already knows these patterns are a bringer of
system stress & failing it\'s purpose.

The next time this problem appears from contact with the outer world,
(and it will most inevitably arise - especially if it\'s on To Do List)

the Un-trained mind will compute() all the previous steps again, wasting
computation power to reach the same bottleneck - with the same
revelation and closure.

**Like developing the code for a purpose from scratch. (even thought it
was left at step 5).**

**The Jedi Master reaches only bottlenecks out of fatigue, not of fear
or sickness.**

In this alchemy, when outer contact is made and the purpose() arises
again, he either rest in contentment or performs his duty, carrying from
where he Left off.

**Like developing the code for a purpose from the exact step it was left
at (has hidden key to load program at step 5).**

**3:00 AM -**

**Get out on the balcony.**

The body&bmind doesn\'t want to fold clothes - its Boring and it\'s only
the body doing work.

Mind becomes forcefully aware of the body\'s sickness it has created.
And it feels guilty.

But wants to fold clothes for 10 seconds, then check cq, then roll a
filter, then wash 2 glasses, then check cq.

It feels like it\'s doing it\'s purpose.

The Clear Mind in Action - multi-focused.

Clean, roll, coffee, order, cq, open windows.. everything connects.

**The Words() Module - The Greatest limitation in human communication.**

Like sending a .txt file from PC (software&hardware system) to another
PC and expecting it to reach the same mother_patterns.

Of course it will be almost 100% dependent on the other PC\'s software
(Trained patterns), hardware (genetics, current alchemy, diseases,
imbalances) and on the software&hardware binding.

If the script.txt -

**17 Feb -**

**Upon KS2 inflamation - More and more fighting with Ammy follows, dirty
house, enclosed air, disorder.**

Many demons awaiting in the New CQ World.

So much comparation, so much desire to be the best.

I think this is a natural instinct, just like the need for validation,
for women.

A social Binding.

The question is not how to quinch it - but rather how to navigate it.

Disorder in KS2 brings disorder in house and body. Now i cannot play or
work.

**ON top of all, right arm line triggered. (sync with new world great CQ
input).**

Buy a lot but don\'t that extremely much - there is some wisdom in
action, but the whole system feels compromised.

Compromised in the idea that there is not enough wisdom_in_action() to
restore karmic_balance().

And so more dukkha follows, more default reaction of the mind to eat
milk+sweets\... more dukkha.

Until one point that it gets bored :))))). (Also the reaching of balance
in expenditure&Consumption must be considered)

Then drinks water and wash teeth, continuing to stay in an wakefulness
state for 20-30 more minutes.

Slowly falls down towards between_worlds(), meeting sleep soon.

In this state, there is far less fear&guilt than before.

**Despite this state, there is trust between the body & the mind.**

**The body is sickened, but it understands the Mind.**

**It has given it an unimaginable world of freedom of expression. It has
took the time and energy to deeply know it, up to it\'s most intimate
body parts and feelings.**

**The mind is guilty, but the body hugs it.**

**\"Yes, KS2 is inflamed, but i will find sleep, Mind. Don\'t worry.**

**I understand. I love you. Let\'s try again tomorrow.\"**

**The New CQ world also brings great content or dukkha - depending on
body&mind current alchemy, for it taps into the Multi-Verse concept.**

Creating a new universe. Death of a thousand body&minds in the other
one.

The Souls travel to the next.

Both fully and between the worlds.

**Marveling.. to experience the \"Self\", as the games gain allow taking
a step back into the \"User\".**

**How a new Lao birts in the new world, a young boy with no concious
experience of the User\'s (Soul) life in the other world.**

**He has genetics (class choice on birth -\> skills learned & trained
-\> attributes allocation) - has a mind (the real mind playing fully the
role of Lao) -**

**AND has a Soul (The User - the Real Mind).**

**Well here it\'s so clear.. that the Soul guides his life. **

**And just as Hindu speaks of, the more awakened the Soul, the more
aware of this transitions.**

**Got home.**

Beautiful Force Manipulation after m\*\*\*, not giving into already
programmed hunger.

But drink Water.

True Hunger() arises.

But granny is out, the default chain is broken.

Mind resorts to bread + olive oil + tahini.

Clear not dhamma.

Then more fighting with Ammy, she makes a good point about feeling left
alone.

The KS2 is on and off in great emotional storm, when the Mind meets this
thought - of her leaving me for good.

What a story, Mind. \"For good\" :)))))).

I enjoy spending my money again freely so much.

**Bought Printer \<3.**

**The childhood trauma of father, re-written.**

**Revelations & Therories - Spontaneous regression of Herniated disks.**

**It happens when the system needs it too.**

**When there is no other way of performing a DHAMMA DUTY but with
weakest link fixed.**

**Mask epiphany.**

YouTube Channel - **Hidden Life Skills.**

Create a character - so that no Praise shall ever reach you.

But the teachings of the Tao shall reach the world.

**Revelations & Theories - KS_X**

The Body doesn\'t want to be looked at with critique and responsability
of

\"I DONT HAVE TIME TO FIX THIS I HAVE OTHER BUSSINESS MORE IMPORTANT TO
ATTEND TO BUT LETS FIX IT SOMEHOW FAST!!! I NEED RETURN TO MY BUSSINSS\"

More so, it hates it so much that it answers in the same energy.

As if it is weak, sick and the Mind needs now to step into the picture
and fix it\'s internal processes.

\"How about you just not interfere, Mind?\" - the body speaks

If the mind persists, Split() starts to run.

The pain intensifies.

Mind falls outside of it\'s purpose. To find quick fixes for back pain.

**Good morning, my dear friend.**

Games to Play Today:

**Neo -**

**Gym -**

**Dojo Wall Writings -** A lot of work() - instant conditioner of some
dukkha predicitons.

Relax, Mind. Relax, Body. Little steps. Play.

**Conversation with my brother, Mohamed.**

He is so afraid, the unconciousness bringing clear messages from the
inside.

**Serious \"Fight\" with Ammy continiues.**

One is beginning to understand women.

Words are meaningless.

**16 Feb -**

**Night comes.**

KS2 is relaxing.

But the being inside which craves the eating has already reached
craving.

It has passed contact (buying) and vedana (feeling of night
milk&desserts) and it had reached craving.

In buddhist teachings, at this point the birth is inevitable.

I am walking between_realms as i play CQ, and this being, this pattern
of the mind, does not want to die.

The module wants to run at any cost.

The other module wants to run to - dhamma sleep.

But the Natural truths (Expenditure vs Consumption) favors the first
one.

Wash_teeth() is not even recognized by the system.

Karmic_Balance() is not low, but very high.

But the Craving, as buddhist call it, tahni, it is stronger than a Mind
who\'d not reached clarity yet.

But there is so much light.. and so much peace in the Soul.

So i let it run.

Its ok.

Affected KS2, 5h sleep.

I rise. Body starts to recover.

I can\'t wait to play tonight again.

**Oh my god i found the secret phrases on laptop.**

Man how smart i\'ve mapped them.

How much energy i put into computing() their location with huge risk
(losing all money&chance).

1430\$ babies waiting.

**When the body&mind alchemize towards a Clear Mind & Body
functionality, trust in the past self arises.**

**And if he wrongs, understanding arises.**

**Project Morpheus start to takes form - we have first dhamma Work
Text.**

*\"Do you want to know the Truth about back-pain?\"*

**Get home.**

**Already written programming wants to initiate smoking.**

**But the mind sees.**

It auto-analyzes it\'s own faulty patterns. Mind seeing Mind.

So, efortlessly, good food arises. Let\'s see about smoking later.

Now the system craves food.

Eate dhamma bread avocado olive oil.

Efortlessly stopped.

**Beautiful.**

**Work meeting.**

\"Sergiu o intrat? Ei ei.. prapadit\"

Crazy how Octavu (teacher) and colleagues (classmates) deeply activate
the school mother pattern - and with it all the fears.

How they\'re hastenning to talk, coughing, whole body expressing exact
same vibe as School.

Fucking crazy.

**Granny Talks:**

**Incredible how she runs() on mother patterns. My input simply
activates patterns and mind patterns alchemize the Body & Output in the
real world.**

**Fascinating.**

Even Jesus could not change the world - The resurgence of the Mind -
don\'t put too much into it.

(Religion history example and Viorel game).

But Lao-Tzu says that only when the student is not ready, this happens.

We can see in religions (Sesaru & many pure hearted people) - it kinda
worked on a superficial level.

**Be mindful what story-telling you bring into a constellation.**

Is it the seed from which something is born to be consumed and die.

**The only difference between agony and freedom is**

**Filtering out of Fear**

**Or**

**Filtering out of Wisdom.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Deep night, dreams and reflections.**

My mother.. just a little girl, fully driven by emotions, fully attached
to positive emotions.

So scared to lose those emotions (lifestyle).

So afraid of Silence. (another losing of emotions).

Her social interactions is just going from spike to spike. (being
beautiful, smart, reconfirming & running patterns which already give
rise to positive spikes)

With one of the core spikes being the feeling of a Good Mother.

Isn\'t this the basis of human cognition, especially Women?

But her view of a good mother springs, just as her view of her body
(greatest treasure), from the outer world - from Comparations and
Inputs() coming from the outer world. So then, is it already polluted.

The whole day is planned from a day before, in her Mind the purpose of
the visit is to TAKE BACK THE CLOTHES (her most symbol of love) SHE\'D
GIVEN TO AMMY.

I not connect the dot immediately, but i certantly feel it throughout
the day.

She eats cabbage which brings dukkha to her tongue - continues to eat
really old pistachios (also very heavy).

KS2 is already inflamed and rising body temperature.

What she\'s seen before as unconditioned love (my hair), when she was in
high karmic_balance(), now is running on totally different body alchemy
(hardware).

She now see\'s my messy hair and postponing the heater fix - it
immediately activates the Bad_Mother core pattern.

As this pattern runs, affecting the body&mind alchemy, it begins to give
rise to another sub_patterns() springing from the same mother pattern.

She then attacks my personal projects in great, great disbelief, my
Ammy, my smoking, my friends. Everything.

She leaves at the last resort (my leaving) to bring up her true motive
(TAKE BACK MY LOVE WHICH WAS NOT WANTED!!!!).

I also know this feeling very well. It is a devastating feeling. Bubu
expressed it greatly. 

Mommy does too.

**Elder\'s advice: Love her by heart in Silence of the body and mind.
Give no fuel to it.**

**Granny does not express it at all.**

**Her most darkest mother_patterns() activate mines.**

**Brings my darkness to light.**

**Doubt, Fear of Self-Dellusions, Death of a Thousand \"I\"\'s, Fear of
Failures,**

**And the whole happening becomes just a dance of darknesses.**

**15 Feb -**

**Great new testing data.**

Eat fried bread, honey and milk to substitute night desserts.

EXACT SAME OUTPUT!!!

Exact same KS2 heavying.

Wake up at 1:30.

Very heavy, very tired. No energy to Rise and work&play. It would be out
of comfort.

Instant mind pattern - to eat something and find temporary quinchening.

I think about boiling little grains or corn. (most dhamma mind found in
this circumstances.)

But there is the Tao - the slow boiling plate. In this slow boiling,
Wisdom_in_action() thread keeps running, trying to bright true light,
not temporary.

I feel very sick, but the mind returns to Wu Wei.

Not interfering with the Tao. With the body processes.

Not through food, not through water - simply allow the body and the Tao,
no matter how it feels and in the current() posibility of Chi(Energy)
and Mood(Tao).

**\*Kissing\'s Granny\'s hands.**

**She went with it as in truting my body, but soon the Mind realized
what happened.**

**And bursted into expression.**

**The kiss was also so\... off, so weird and againstout bodies alchemy
and their meeting.**

**Outer world activating mother_pattern() - the core of her being - A
Mother who loves unconditionally.**

**And hand kissing.. such a gesture against her being. Of humbleness.**

**My humble soul.. how she can never accept Praise.**

**This is the greatest test of all.**

**For if one can learn to give true love And not take it back when the
loved activates her demons.**

**Cosu Talk.**

Its all G-Force. (Natural Truth.)

**Fasticanting how he studied gravity since kid, the envinronment
(family beliefs, house, father&grandfather jobs).**

**The Teacher Arises.**

Fully in love with Life.

**More and more, the unconciousness messages spring into the outer world
from people.**

\"God Knows..\" - reactions

\"Put your heart in what you do\" - left box on a desk

Windows screensavers..a window into a persons soul\'s if One sets it.

Absolutely amazing.

Everything a person does and chooses.. speaks from the inside first.
From God.

Only then it\'s filtered by the sickened mind.

**A brother\'s Knowledge -**

**This Life skill expands deeper than a 1 to 1 conversation.**

It expands to the Ancient worlds - echo-ing in Today\'s cultures and in
history.

One does not have to physically go to that place to study it, only the
Mind has to go.

And the Mind travels at Light speed.

**Do you want to study the Soul ? Go to Ancient Eastern World.**

**Do you want to Study Mathematics ? Go to Ancient Egypt.**

**Do you Want to Study War and A Warrior's Philosophy? Go to Ancient
Greece.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beautiful poem chosen in Conquer Valentines quest.**

**This Game is truly binded with the Tao.**

**\"**The furthest distance in the world

Is not between life and death

But when I stand in front of you

Yet you don't know that I love you

 

The furthest distance in the world

Is not when I stand in front of you

Yet you can't see my love

But when undoubtedly knowing the love from both

Yet cannot be together

 

The furthest distance in the world

Is not being apart while being in love

But when plainly cannot resist the yearning

Yet pretending you have never been in my heart

 

The furthest distance in the world

Is not but using one's indifferent heart

To dig an uncrossible river

For the one who loves you\"

**14 Feb -**

**The Final Boss appears.**

Evening() settles down, and with it - the body&mind are so tired.. doing
their dhamma work since 5am.

No more Chi for work or play.

The system just wants to disconnect and rest.

So.. the Mind has only one answer to this pattern.

Chips & yoghurt, milk & desserts while watching tv series.

A very affected KS2 in sleep followed.

The watching_tv() module is currently instantly conditioned by
eating() - running on chips, snacks, milk&desserts.

How can i adjust this module to run without eating() ?

Or can i develop a new one, embodying the same Natural Truths - Mind
disconnecting, body full relaxation - outside this module?

There is still much to learn, padawan.

But here comes a new night, and a new day.

** Granny insisted with pizza.**

**The tomato ketchup is clear DUKKHA at first bine.**

**I continue to eat without.**

**Eate pizza & lots of cheese - clear heavy.**

**Great great emotional triggers persists throughout the body as I
explore below with Ammy,**

And in last night reflections & talk with Pelicanu.

He is so triggered when he\'s Mind see\'s his weaknesses too in my
stories.

Be careful how you walk this path, Jedi.

Do not let the teacher arise, only when the student is Ready.

**The basis of Ammy\'s&Mom\'s constellation:**

***I can never love you as you Want,***

***And you can never love me as I Want.***

***But i can love you when you don\'t love me as i Want.***

***And you can love me when i don\'t love you as You want.***

***Perhaps there is that one soul out there in time (of course it can
also be Ammy in another body&mind alchemy), with who the 2 languages()
are perfect matched.***

***Or perhaps The Mother-Ammy-Image inside One\'s mind is the only Yin
perfectly matching the mind\'s Yang.***

*** ***

***Deleting Ammy\'s video after she Reacts with \"About\" to the work of
my heart.***

***You can understand your mom, now, little padawan?***

**Good morning, my Friend.**

**I Bow down Only Before God -** Hidden Life Skill arises.

Bowing Down -

The mind can quickly find the following pattern regarding any
person/entity:

What\'s the worst thing she/he/it could to to me?

How Afraid am I of it?

The greater the fear, the greater the control they have.

The greater the Bowing down.

Ammy - Cool Ammy rises completely and leaves me -\> Aloneness and the
lack of an Angel\'s touch.

Mom - Childhood greatest demon: Mother\'s Anger state - such strong
echos from childhood - beyond the Mind.. beyond rationality.

Pure instincts of the body - Just like the need for validation. But it
is not real anymore. The only thing preventing it from alchemizing to
Fun - is your Mind.

Present world peak possibility -\> Kicks me out of apartament

Work - A. Force more work and office time = Force body into great
pain. - When I_Bow_Only_Before_God() is executed perfectly, it instantly
fixed this - for it will never reach Reality. The body will never be
forced again in a toxic envinronment. Death of a Thousand \"I\".

B. Quit job/Fire me -\> possibility of jobless() and poor

Social Media World - Dissaprove/Disbelief -\> my message not getting
into the world for aiding and money. - \"They\'re right\" - Everything i
preach inside and out, is but a dellusion. Doubt. Greatest enemy.

KS2 - Greater and greater sickness -\> Suffering and Death.

**This is how you find a Mind\'s Fears.**

You study today() most deeply and intimately.

Then the Mind should go in Developer mode and contemplate.. how Real are
these Fears?

In the form of, how much Trust the Mind&Body&Soul system have in itself
regarding the adaptability to that possible outcome?

For it is foolish to plan the outcome, but the Mind can reflect on the
adaptability.

And in this regard, i have Complete and Deep Trust in the whole Body,
Mind and Soul system to adapt to any of those fears.

They are nothing compared to what the Mind\'s Level is currently at.

Nothing compared to what it has already solved.

**\-\-\--The Dojo of Fears\-\-\--**

**So comes the Study of Fears.**

The stories of the Mind are left at the door.

We are left with pure mind analysis of a real world scenario, just as it
would analyze a Python script flow in new environment.

Emotionless().

Analysis and patterns playing about the following outcomes - ran on the
basis that the System will not Bown Down.

> **1.Aloness -**

This is but an old echo, i long for it now.

> **2.Kicked out of apartment -**

Complete Life change. Complete new \"Life Train\".

I\'ve carved new homes in jungles and great dukkha places; the system
can adapt to anything.

I\'ll take my Dojo things and build elsewhere.

This goes in combination with 3. (2\<-\>3)

The Solution arises only when the True Need arises(Tao Allignement),

Just as the Teacher arises only when a worthy Student arises**.**

> **3.Jobless() and Poor -**

I have known poverty for 18 years.

Carved my way out of it, Despite All Odds. My way.

Trust, Jedi.

> **4.Failing in Life\'s Mission/Purpose -**

\"If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you.\"

> **5.Death**

**They\'re all held together by Faith.**

Complete faith in God\'s Will above any stories of the Mind.

**The Soul Believes.**

**The Mind Adapts.**

**The Body Outputs.**

The Greatest Life skill regarding One\'s journey and connection to God -

> **"I Bow down Only Before God."**

**Body speaks. Fascia speaks.**

**Back-line activates.**

**Neck elongates.**

**The whole structure stands tall and powerful, before anything.**

**The Bowing_Down() happens very subtle.**

In anything the Body&Mind&Soul system don\'t want to do, but does it out
of fear.

From little things rise enormously complex pattern conditionings, all
reaching a Mother-Pattern eventually.

In a handshake with Dan.

In saying \"yes you\'re right\" slowly with Octavian.

**In a fake laugh.**

**In a half \'Yes\'.**

In an unwanted hug or kiss.

In an allowance of trash-talk about One\'s path. Even from his own
Mother.

**Any outer input** - the Mind automatically takes and perform deep
Mother_Patten() analysis until the core is reached.

Then makes prediction through mental images -\> giving rise to body
feelings -\>

Ultimately the mind running

a form of Bow_Down(), hugely dependent on context and probabilities.

**But any time Bow_Down() runs, no matter how small, it shatters the
Soul.**

**It affects Karmic_Balance() - and everything else follows.**

**13 Feb --**

**Still, something magical had arisen from this.**

Holding her hand in see my hand.

Watching her eat i see myself eat.

**All the demons taking control over her, of money and lust and
comparations.. and food.. and smoking, i have the chance to fight
them.**

**But i cannot force the truth (MY truth) into her.**

**Her words cut deep not because it derails me from my path, but because
i see the Demons inside her.**

**So much fear. So much fear to Stop.**

**How she attacks my mission, my nails, my hair, my house, my clothes,
my Ammy, my greatest journey with pains, programming projects, games,
women, smoking - EVERYTHING**

**Everything that i am, she attacks in anger and disbelief.**

**And just as Ammy, when the demons return to sleep, \'mother
arises\'.**

**\"I wait for the anger to pass, so that my mother comes back.\" - this
is the eternal truth in Women relationships.**

**I love you uncondiitonally an freely - so much that it doesn\'t make a
difference whether you do it back or not.**

**This is the Jedi Master level of Unconditional Love.**

**\-\-\-\-- The Force Awakens \-\-\-\--**

**I can feel all. The urge to hurt her back. The urge to smoke. The urge
to Eat.**

But a Jedi Master rises.

The Force. In the Jedi\'s Mind, the battle is here.

This is it. What is there preventing you to use the Force? Nothing.

The Jedi Master Eats buts a hanfdul of bread and kefir - for he knows it
will over-write the urge to smoke.

Full light and full control.

Great sleep until 1am.

Wake up for half hour and sleep again 4-5 hours.

This time on my stomach.. oh how much i\'ve missed sleeping on my
stomach.

Hugging the Earth.

Making love to it.

Wake up 5am, KS2 pretty inflamed - the kefir certaintly gave rise to
low-freq digestive system alchemy.

Along with the alreeaaady written programming.

Persists, Jedi.

Trust the Force.

Trust the Natural Truths.

Then you will rise.

**All the days i\'ve had control over day&night food were highly
emotional positive spiked days.**

**Like first big fasting, tiktok first explosion, etc, etc..**

**When the light was so strong that it shine greater than the dark.**

**But the Jedi Master knows that is no solution and is very dependant on
outer world, not on the Inner one.**

**So now he sees the chance.**

**In aloneness. In the darkness of the night, with waves of heavy
energies pulsating in his heart.**

**With hunger, with flawed default programming, with work stress -
HERE.**

**NOW.**

**If One can do it here, one can do it anywhere.**

**The Force Awakens.**

**I Bow Down Only Before God.**

**Everything else - it cannot bow me. Not even my own mother.**

**I do not know how or why, but the quinching of smoking (known ks2
dukkha bringer at evening), of night dessert eating, happened
effortlessly.**

**\" I can feel the darkness bursting in my heart.**

**But i do not want to numb it with anything.**

**I am not Afraid anymore.**

**I bow down only before God.**

**And with God.\"**

**Great Fight with mom.**

**Granny wise return to silence** and aloneness as fight intensifies.
She\'s weak for doing that? On the contrary, she\'s stronger than the
greatest fighter.

How much she attacks the very core of my life, the total opposite of
unconditional love. - her Kali.

Perhaps just as Ammy\'s, it must be bowed down.

Under no circumstances bow down to it. For she will learn and gain
power.

She has only as much power as you give her.

One thing is for sure, this is my home.

She will get me out of here with Police.

**I bow down only to God.**

Rest, even my own mother, i will not allow any disrespect.

But will work just as a mirror.

A very sharp broken mirror when she is one, attacking my life core.

This, or perhaps the wiser path - complete Silence. (Her Great Fear)

**The Voice of the World. - this is what she plays, who she speaks
for.**

Interrupting whole idea with the grammar correction and disregarding
everything - what a disrespect.

I will not allow this, not even from my own Mother.

If you have no respect for me, i hold no respect for you (In people
language, of course.)

How after so much exposure time, it makes the Mind doubt it\'s path and
dhamma work.

*\"Ce premiu ai castigat?\"*

*Fascinating how a woman's Minden cannot talk in truth-discerning
awareness.*

After fighting, she returns to default, while i am left in echos of
wondering and reflections.

Silence or Fight.

No in between.

**Sleep at granny \<3.**

**So beautiful.**

**Work team meeting, talking about some statistics and pressures.**

The Mind instantly sees threat.

Kite takes it just as some old school teachers, babbling.

If One is not afraid of the teacher telling his parents, there is no
Fear.

But bumbling and pure adaptation without surrender.

Still - more and more - Freedom calls.

**The \"coping\" mechanism off work slowly become dhamma activities,
haha.**

**"A New Lightsaber"**

**Video editing.**

Just for the beauty of it, not to post, not to share.

Main drive is the simply doing of it.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Sitzfleisch for the last 7 hours. Playing, Working, Studying. Pure
concentration. Conditioned by dhamma sitting positiong and clear KS2.

FillDocs presentation starts to take form.

KS2 slowly calms down.. I\'m sorry my love.

But thank you for this opportunity.

Beautiful gentle rain.

Welcome, day.

**Maan\... last 4 hours had been amazing working&learning experiences.**

What an energy.. to do it in the quieteness of the night.

Fantastic.

**3:00AM.**

**Hello, my friend.**

Inflamed KS2 asks for rising and recovery.

Let\'s give it to her.

And allow sleep to come when she\'s ready for it.

**12 Feb -**

**just realized Tiktok coins are back to full price (35% increase) -
this vastly affects my plan.**

Patience from Zhou.

Study PC app.

Found way.

Return to One\'s Path.

(Actually i just realised it was the same path as last time, its just
the Wisdom in Action wasn\'t developed enough for the sollution to
arise).

Apple took some LEIs from me.  Its alright. Clear Mind.

**\-\-\-\--A New Light-Saber\-\-\--**

**Sacred Ceremony&Acceptance.**

**Hello World.**

**For now, it\'s place is in the Sacred and Pureness of the Dojo.**

**It is just a social concept to have 1 phone.**

**\-\-\--The Purple Potato Era\-\-\-\--**

In this complicated pattern of dhamma food dance of
possibilities&energy&financial, return to the Story of the Purple
Potato.

If you have found you dhamma food day (coffee, smoothie, granny beans,
rice+vegetabels, baby/gladiator food) - stick to it profoundly.

Disregard any derailments of \"Oh i need something else, something
more.\"

The Force holds a few foods, just as it hold just a few simple
principles about life.

Everything else is Dark Side.

The current world innertia has derailed so far into the dark side, that
in terms of food, only a few options are left.

Can you stick to them?

Can One stick to the Jedi Code?

This is the true Jedi Master Test.

**The pain of not being seen or acknowledged highlights a deep human
need for validation and connection.**

A Jedi Master understands the transient nature of social approval and
focuses on the intrinsic value of their message and creation,
maintaining steadfastness in their purpose despite external validation.

Thats it.. not a weak \"coping mechanism\" and role, but a deep human
need. There\'s no need to fight it.

You are free to check continously.

\"Brother how do you not have more followers \<3 ? \"   

A brother comments.

Man.. i\'m so relieved.

From 20k people, if it has reached just 1 person and aided in his
journey, i am happy.

Well.. how brother..

People don\'t want to hear the truth.

The choice i\'ve made.. The Path that the Tao has chosen for me.. is no
easy path.

It is just beginning.

But i bow down to you brother, by Respect, not Lust.

And i stand unshaken in front of the world.

I have sang in front of it, what more do i have to lose?

Nothing

But i have to gain Everything.

Touch the World, Change the World.

And still.. my friend.. a new day slowly unfolds.

Sun is about to rise.

**Good morning.**

Lao reaches 130 today.

**Games to Play today:**

Just work.

Free from anything else - let em flow.

Work needs to be addressed as it\'s running in the background, creating
dukkha.

Work - FillDocs Corina & powerpoint

**Let\'s get back to dhamma Food ways, keep researching and testing.
(currently there are very limited options without great mechanical
input, like cooking or going very far to get).**

Its so easy to fall into the dark side.. One tap on the screen to order
something -

And its so hard to stick to the Force sometimes.

**Amazing how the Dark Side operates in such smoothenes.**

How it poisons the Mind to fall into corruption and dellusions (pattern
analyzing the dukkha food -\> outputing the Good side of gaining weight)

The more powerful the Mind, the greater responsability.

Back to Studying Days in new pattern.

Everything is with and in Tao\'s will. Don\'t forget about this great
spell.

**Just realized the darkest part about yesterday.**

Giving way to loving, and therefore, soul-shattering missing Ammy.

This is why a Jedi Master remains anchored in present-living awareness.

The smell is what broke One\'s heart most.

The pattern of the smell, recreated in the mind but unable to be
re-created in reality.

Impossibility of pattern manipulation.

If that is One\'s reflection

(Mind\'s ultimate goal being to FIND&FIX problems based on pattern
analysis, recognition and manipulation)

-   then it\'s just dealt itself a LOSING Hand. For it cannot bring Ammy
    here.

Therefore, at the end of the reflection, it is left empty.

The \"I\" craving to birth and love Ammy - Dies.

**Well.. if One fears not sickness and death - then the missing Ammy
experience can be something amazing.**

**11 Feb -**

**Oh, what a heavy night&sleep.**

So much derailing away from Dhamma food, into the Dukkha ways lately.

(Blinded by the dhamma life force of following one\'s purpose.)

Dukkha food (milk, desserts, chips) covering more than 50% daily
intakes.

With dukkha, it seems there are no half-ways.

A half tear quickly brings another.

Let\'s get back to my dhamma.

**Social media experience - it hurts One so much when his message is not
seen.**

When his little baby, his little creation - is not seen and judged by
the world.

Well, i hope you can understand mother now.

\"Fight\" with Granny. Then quickly calm down. I learn she meditates
every night, except doesn\'t call it meditation..

The fucking limitation of words.. how foolish we are to think that in
our usage of modern and fancy words.. we are better.

She is right tho.. it hurts because she is right.. she did wipe my ass
and she is an elder.

She can mock young padawans and the young padawan will not mock back.

Ammy\'s in the hospital.

Work stress building up.

Pycharm laptop issue..

Not reaching lvl 130 from quests.

Night comes.

I wash teeth and rest, visiting granny.

Later, I Fall asleep on the chair, with KS very full and inflamed. The
biscuits salamy + milk.. + heavy heavy chips + yoghurt.. so much stress
on my dear KS2.

Fall asleep on the chair for 1 hour.. then move to bed.

Awaken at 1:20 am - with moderate triggering but going upwards. - woke
up in great body sweat and from dreams about my Bubu. He was still very
much alive and well.

Eat 2-3 chips and biscuit salamy - and go back to sleep at 3:30 .. i\'m
too tired to stand anymore.

Oh the fucking biscuits salamy.. only biscuits and sugar and rum
and\....

How the Mind has tricked itself again - in the hope of calming down KS2,
it only greatly execerbates.

I lay down and the system is running Stuck_in_This_world().

The body&mind want sleep, but the body is to sick to let the mind go
into unconciousness.

Awful feeling.

There is a heavy and burning sensation the upper part of the chest. The
echo\'s of the Dark Side.

What a Game. What a Defeat.

At that point 3am - where the KS2 was greatly sickened and the body
greatly tired -

The Jedi Master embraces the following mantra.

**I\'ve hurt you, but let me heal you.**

And just as it overcame natural instinct of eating good food, it
overcomes the natural instinct of sleeping - and Rises Fully.

Still, there is a lot of darkness in KS2.

Mind knows a lot of pattern, but there is not as much clarity as there
is with KS3 (lumbar herniations), in which the Mind completely studied
and performed deep analysis - giving out clear clear clear outcome of X
patterns.

**\"I Kneel only Before God\" - experience and revelation in between
realms.**

Kali shows up, making my whole body\'s alchemy goo crazyyyyy in my Mind.

The body is trembling, flooded with sexual energy.

But i am Between_Realms, more than a body\'s craving.

Here, it\'s not that i fight it, but it effortlessly comes up in the
symbol of her asking me to kneel and serve her.

No matter how ecstatic this feels, in this Realm i am in full contact
with the Force.

\"I Kneel Only Before God\" - the mental image appears from the Tao.

Kali soon leaves and I fall asleep.

**Surprise\... Tiktok promote policy violation.**

Forgetting cover at first try (bye 1st promotion)

Second promotion.. violation.

It\'s fine.

Only a part of \"Me\" has done it clinging to tiktok validation/

Many other part done it purely for the act of Doing, of Learning, of
Creating.

**Pull-Ups - A Deeper Look - Finished.**

Greatest talk yet.

Such dhamma listening to it.

Same feeling as i\'m listening to my dhamma Yotuube videos.

A Speaker of Truth.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Work - Collin dem charge fix & filldocs presentation

G. Lucas - add subtitles

Neo - Play

**I need a big vision for videos.**

The more i learn, the more complicated it becomes.

Slow down..

For now, film vertifcal videos.

Any video shall go through the following vision:

**Main:**

**A. Full video:**

1.  Edit & Post to tiktok (2-5 min/Part) - Getting the message to the
    world.

Because it is currently the only platform reaching the world
(promotion) - mind the Image.

Can be used later to sell coaching, courses, apps.

1.  Post to Youtube - Getting the message to the world - without
    Promote - mind the image.

Truly accept the vertical video limitation. This is is for now. Don\'t
invest anymore mental energy in this \"issue\".

1.  Post to social medias, allinging with limitations (insta video
    length, facebook length - Have fun. It is just a handful of people,
    not your clients.

This is your Online Home. Paint it as you will - for One\'s pure
entertainment and expression.

Don\'t ponder outer world image.

Do ponder about not attacking too much, keeping the line about
Truth-Speaking and attacking other people\'s creation.

**B. Shorts (\<60 seconds)**

Capture true&fluent messages in either combined or free-1-min-flow of
the video.

Around 1-3 should suffice.

Create them for youtube, then spread them across.

1.  Youtube Shorts

Hashtags:

1.  Insta/Facebook/Tiktok stories

Hashtags:

C. Other content not reaching YouTube/Tiktok - play as you will, purely
for fun - don\'t mind the
image.\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`

**10 Feb -**

**Heart is filled with love again.**

In this peace + love, Mind was able to initiate wash_teeth() module.

7pm. Enter between realms playing CQ.

Fall asleep 1 hour.

Wake up to 2 natural truths:

1.  Body & Mind already written programming for the last 7 years
    (milk+Desserts at night)

2.  Body Expenditure vs Consumption (Although here was not such a big
    gap).

**\-\-\--KEY MOMENT\-\-\-- A Jedi Master Test**

**Rise and eat milk+dessert+chips.**

Fall asleep soon.

Wake up 2am with very inflamed KS2.

Give way to eating some chips, little milk.

It doesn\'t help nor harm, somewhere in between.

The damage has already been done in the last 5 hours of sleep -
enourmous gastric acid (very acidic matching the milk, oils, sugar
alchemy)

But i am not afraid anymore.

But eager to Play again tonight.

ALMOST.

ALMOOOOST executed according to plan.

Slowly, KS2 calms down.

**Ammy messages me, saying she apologizes.**

**There\'s no way to push and execute plan in aloness.**

**For the Tao is purely in the present moment.**

**G. Lucas births in Sitzfleisch.**

All previous life's epiphanies coming.

What a world.. world of images and sound on computer editor.

**A good project starts in the mind.. then in adapted filming phone
orientation.**

**Only then comes the editing.**

**If the first 2 steps are not addressed in the way of the Force, there
is little the Editor can do.**

**Andreea Gym.**

Return of the Jedi.

Power of Truth.

Turn even rejection into love.

**\-\--A Jedi Master approach to Life\'s Vision\-\--**

A Jedi Master\'s approach to financial enlightenment, much like their
approach to all aspects of life, would be rooted in balance,
mindfulness, and alignment with the Force (or Tao, in philosophical
terms). This path involves a harmonious blend of action and acceptance,
effort and ease, ambition and contentment. Here\'s how a Jedi might
navigate the financial aspect of their journey:

**Balance Between Action and Non-Attachment:**

A Jedi Master understands the importance of taking action towards
financial goals while maintaining a state of non-attachment to outcomes.
They would engage in financial planning, investment, and work with
diligence and intelligence but remain emotionally and mentally detached
from the results. This balance allows them to adapt to changing
circumstances with grace and to accept whatever the Force provides,
seeing every result as part of a greater plan.

**Mindfulness in Financial Decisions:**

Every financial decision, from daily spending to long-term investments,
would be made with mindfulness and intention. A Jedi would consider not
only the potential material benefits but also the impact of these
decisions on their personal growth, their alignment with the Force, and
the well-being of others. This mindful approach ensures that financial
actions are congruent with their values and the path of the Light Side.

**Alignment with the Force:**

A Jedi Master remains aligned with the Force, trusting in its guidance
to lead them on their path, including their financial journey. They
believe that by staying true to their principles and following the
Force\'s guidance, they will be provided for in the way that best serves
their highest good and the good of all beings. This deep trust
alleviates the pressure of financial concerns, allowing them to focus on
their mission and service.

**Enjoying Life Freely:**

A Jedi finds joy not in material wealth but in the richness of
experience, relationships, and personal growth. They appreciate the
simple pleasures of life, finding contentment in the present moment and
in the connection with the Force. This perspective allows them to enjoy
life freely, without the need for excessive material possessions or
wealth as a measure of success or happiness.

**Inner Peace Amidst Ambition:**

The Jedi path involves cultivating inner peace, even in the pursuit of
ambitious goals. A Jedi Master practices meditation, reflection, and
other spiritual disciplines to maintain a calm and centered state of
mind. This inner peace is the foundation that allows them to pursue
financial or any other form of success without succumbing to stress,
anxiety, or the dark side of ambition.

**The Line Between Doing and Being:**

A Jedi Master navigates the line between doing (action towards goals)
and being (presence and acceptance) by understanding that true power
lies in the integration of both. They recognize that their actions are
expressions of their being, guided by the Force. This integration
ensures that their financial pursuits and enjoyment of life are not
conflicting but are aspects of their holistic journey toward
enlightenment.

In essence, a Jedi Master approaches financial enlightenment as they
would any aspect of their journey: with mindfulness, balance, and a deep
trust in the Force. By embodying these principles, they can navigate
their financial path without inner pressures, fully enjoying the freedom
and peace that come from living in alignment with the Force.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

Vivo - Gym & return keyboard & ap ras & coffee beans & buy 16GB RAM
(current:)

Work - log time & Collin dem charge fix & filldocs presentation

G. Lucas - Pull-ups - Slow Down..

Neo - Play

**Personal Social media - Tell your story, raw and freely.**

Is it but a playground.

When bussiness will arise, Free2Play and \*Re-Connect, then use your
skills and everything you\'ve learned to paint.

For now, just play.

A Jedi Master completely abandons the opinion of the world.

He stands Unshaken.

But beyond this unshaken core, unaffecting the pureness of his message,
he sees the part in him which is amazingly fueled by his message
touching people\'s lives.

He uses it through tiktok promote & possibly other future promoting
options (like PathSocial & other promoting bussinesses)

**Still.. what a feeling.**

To reach such level of freedom to freely express - up to the most
\"shameful\" and judged acts..

**Singing in front of the World.**

***Episove V - Empires Strikes Back comes to a quick, drastic end.***

**9 - Feb - 2024**

**Yoda revelation - The Teacher awakens only when a worthy Student
appears.**

A true Jedi Master never goes to teach, but the opposite.

Avoids it, hiding knowledge of the Force until a Student appears and
proves worthy.

**Short over-view of food:**

Eate gladiator food with too much honey.

Wash_teeth() could not be initialized in this body alchemy.

More inflamation of teeth not addressed.

Hunger() follows.

Not many options.. Not much energy.. soul is wounded after blocking
Ammy.

Order pizza. Znob. Pretty good, i eat it all.

Of course, a lot of KS2 heavying in the following hours.

I feel the food moving downards and inflaming the body.

Evening comes.

Default programming.

Milk+Desserts.

Sleep soon.

Wake up at 10 for 30 min and later at 4am, fully rested.

**Facebook and insta is nothing.**

See beyond.

Play for your entertainment.

First time singing -

Margelatu\' - Blonda'n colanti

A beautiful example of the Jedi doing his bidding, but still enjoying
life.

Life is still just as precious and beautiful without Ammy.

Is it still.. God\'s magical blessing.

**Learnt about PathSocial.**

Looks very promising.

Lets get back to it soon once iphone 15 pro and posts refinement
happens.

Its clear current 1.5k grain of sand followers is holding One back,
One\'s message to go into the world.

For this, Tiktok promote & PathSocial arise.

Then the fire will be fueled.

I will promote every post from you, my friend.

At my own cost.

You just play.

Fuck the 1.5k grains of sand.

Let me take you into the World.

**And so, another chapter ends.**

*Episove V - Empires Strikes Back.*

Oh and it strikes hard.

They\'ve built a hidden weapon, one which the Jedi Order thought it was
long destroyed - in the last chapter (A New Hope).

The weapon is deadly for all the good (love) in the galaxy. The dark
side. Lying. The secret complotting with the Dark Side.

Quinch rebelion completely.

All the Jedis return in solitude, far away from each-other in the terms
of the Hope of the Universe (Love), but each doing it\'s bidding in the
Force.

They dream for a better future, for the return of the Force in the
galaxy, but they not clinge to it.

They are not lots in desperate thinking and doing, but far from it.

**They deal in natural truths - in truths of natural order of the
body&mind.**

They practice and unveil secret skills from the Ancient Jedi Order -
their quest and practice remains unchanged of the Empire killing almost
all the Jedi Order.

Calm and hidden from the world.

They carve.

Practice in true accordance with the Force, engaging in dhamma impacts
of the world and in true dedication and effort towards their practice.

Despite full darkness, they stand unshaken. Peeling potatoes.

**They do all truthfully and in accordance with the dhammas of life.**

**All the darkness in the world cannot kill the light of a single
Candle.**

**Love. Hope.**

**Let this be One\'s mantra, everytime he touches his lightsaber (mouse)
and makes contant with the Force (world).**

**Fight for Love.**

**Fight for Freedom of Leia.**

**Regardless if she is yours or not.**

**Conversation with Ammy.**

**Free of outcome. From heart.**

**\"**Good idea. Know that the reason I stopped giving you money is
because I invested everything in my project.

Soon I\'ll make enough money to take you home. and give you the life of
a queen

I love you in poverty and simplicity too. But I\'ll give you the life of
a queen. My queen.

See you again Maneerat

If the stars allow it.

This will be my last message until then.

I love and understand everything about you\"

**Here\'s your Why, Neo.**

**G. Lucas.**

**Lao.**

**Magician.**

**Salesman.**

**They all come together.**

**You\'ve all asked your parents to give you money to bring the mother
of your childs home.**

**The Tao did not have it so. For then a weak man would birth. Not
Greatness.**

**Just as everything else in life, the secrets which were most hidden.**

**One has to walk the Path Alone.**

**All the Life skills emerge, both Yin and Yan.**

**All the lives, from the little padawan up to the Sage, stand Before
the Empire.**

**It is overwhelming for the little padawan spectrum of beings.**

**The Sage is Unshaken.**

**Looks upon all the work neede to be done and instantly labels it as
Play.**

**He bows down his head from the mighty Empire and looks at the next
Step.**

**At the next Breath.**

**Out of all his life skills, in this dance of extasy and agony, one
guides them All.**

**The One which follows the Tao.**

**Adaptability.**

**Faith.**

**Full surrendering to the Tao.**

**Do your bidding, mind.**

**Play your part in the world of Men.**

Before enlightenment I believed my ego was me, then enlightenment comes
along and no more ego, only the underlying reality. Now it's after
enlightenment and this ego might be slightly uncomfortable or
ill-fitting at times, but it's all I've got. The idea that your ego is
destroyed in the process of becoming enlightened is roughly correct, but
it's not complete. Before enlightenment, you're a human being in the
world, just like everyone you see. During enlightenment you realize the
human being you thought you were is just a character in a play, and that
the world you thought you were in is just a stage, so you go through a
process of radical deconstruction of your character to see what's left
when it's gone. The result isn't enlightened-self or true-self, it's
no-self. When it's all over it's time to be a human being in the world
again, and that means slipping back into costume and getting back on
stage." BY JD.

**Train yourself.. to let go.. Of Everything Your Fear to Lose.**

Yoda\'s words echo deeply in these states, which both my and her words
paint as Final.

I feel everything, together with fear and the mind\'s stories of denying
it - i FEEL everything.

What waves of emotions man.. fucking tides.

In all this cloudy an uncertainties, one thing is clear.

**How boring life would be without all this.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

5:43 AM on balcony.

The rooster is singing his coming to life.

My neighbour turns on the light and opens the window.

Eram tanar cu sperante Original playing in the background Magical.

Life still goes on.

\"E un cantec frumos.\" \*applause\* -

Yes indeed.

It is a beautiful song, it is a beautiful story, it is a beautiful life.

**Fascinating to observe her and my creation, beyond the \"I\".**

Of course she cannot do this.. she\'s too caught up in the stories of
the mind.

In her creation, she did nothing wrong but love both me and her son as
best as she could. The mother.

In mine, she proved that she cannot (and very probably will never) speak
the Language of Truth.

Yes, of course the mental image of her laughing, sleeping, kissing,
fucking another man is creating body pains, but it is nothing compared
to her lying.

I\'ve given my love unconditionally even to her darkest parts, but still
she hides and lies.

Just as in her World, she\'d given love even to my darkest parts, but i
still don\'t give her love(calls) and money.

A clash of Worlds.

\-\-\-\--It all comes down to Belief\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Can you believe in her even when she lies? **

\- **Truth** being the foundation of Lao\'s World.

**Can she believe in you even when you don\'t give her love and money?**

**- Money&Love** being the foundation of Ammy\'s World.

**Time will tell.**

**The clash of Worlds.**

It is no easy thing.

**8 Feb -**

**Awakening 2:30 AM in contemplation of hurting Alex - destroying his
world by sending video of me and ammy and necklace story.**

**Then he would statisically stop constellation with her.**

**But am I the one to decide this?**

**I don\'t know\...**

**Make way your master and get away with evil?**

**Or make order your master and get away with disorder (evil) ?**

**\-\-\-\--KS2 beyond food\-\-\-\-\--**

**I don\'t even want to eat.**

CQ world slowly becomes meaningless, same as everything else.

Doubts about women rise. (tinder experience).

In this meaningless state, mind returns to food eventually. But not many
options.

Eat a glass of milk with some salamy biscuits. Not too much excess.

Still, a very heavy sleep, dream and KS2 awakening follows.

It becomes clear.. a clear corelation between KS2 and the emotional/soul
realm.

wash_teeth() module was again seen in the peak of negative emotion waves
and little snacks, but the system could not execute it.

**Thoughts of financial enlightment through my projects and re-uniting
with Ammy, in wholeness of money, arise.**

Of course, they come with the greatest enemy of One\'s - doubt -
darkness- fear of failure and of the overwhelming road ahead.

This is paired with Canu launching his sales site, pretty nice.

I wonder if my message will get out into the world..

How foolish it is to judge One\'s message by the reactions of a handful
of 1.5k people.

None of them understand one.

One\'s message should be judge purely by One in the solitude of his
Dojo.

**Third m\*\*\*\*\* day about greatest Ammy fantasy - the darkest of
Kali - and her Rise to the \"Real\" World.**

Soon after, i learn she\'d lied about switz man, and that he actually
fuck her and sleep and kiss many times.

So much i wanted to believe her that i missed body signals, hastened
through them.

I don\'t care so much about the act of fucking or relating itself, for i
know she done it just like a whore selling her body - not her soul.

I would do it too, not out of need - but simply out of fun.

And i know that she only missed me more, and more, in her creation it
was not cheating me, but loving her son.

But something is changed.

After 1 year of fighting, she looks me in the eyes and lies so easily.

She is 36 years old.

Just as I told Canu, the chances of changing one\'s core beliefs they
drop lower and lower, reaching 30-40 years an unchangeable point.

In this light, i simply cannot believe that she will ever speak the
language of truth.

Her mind is incredibily stupid and cannot comprehend the language of
truth.

Probably Never will.

And there will always be tears.

If we cannot face them together, in truth, everything falls apart.

**Anyway, what a body alchemy to experience.**

Urging to do many things, from sending to switz guy video of me fucking
her over his scared necklace and destroying his world - and a lot of
hers.

Urging to text her about all kinds of closures - but for what? she
doesn\'t understand. She never understood me in the realm of words.

She did in many other realms, just as mom, but in words she falls
greatly short. And in life beliefs.

This is so clear - along with how much she loves me - even in message to
another brother video.

Her peak curiosity is if is about another woman.

So let the anger not destroy any more worlds for now, at least in this
heat of the moment.

The night will come and tomorrow will come with God\'s will and some new
light will be shed.

For now, the feeling is clear.

From now she is my friend.

**Bought Iphone 15 Pro and new keyboard+mouse set. But not opened the
gift yet \<3. Soon.**

My Legendary everyday Item.

So fun to play the world, to see father at his core.

How he got angry to the point of swearing the :))))))))))

Finding the dhamma bakery. The woman, the smell..

**Insight into gym's archtype\.... We are all the same?**

"Vine seara si daca nu mananc, imi vine sa omor pe cineva."

Gos analogy - its not hard to start and gas when you're on gps path -
the hard part is to redress.

To adapt.

What a marveling manifestation of the unconsciousness vaguely
understanding whats happening, expressing through symbols and mental
images.

**A brother\'s knowledge.**

Asking father about glasses - Unkown pattern.

\"Daca n-am avut niciodata\...\" 

How fascinating.

Derailing the pattern to match seek for mechanical skills, beyond
glasses.

Then he recognizes it - Mind finds 2 known shops in Manastur.

Man how beautiful life can be when looked at so intimately.

It is marvelling.

**We made plan together.**

**Beyond emotions and with complete body&mind trust that they\'ll
support each-other, just like a violinst carefully learns and then turns
into Art the act of playing the Violin.**

Best body&mind analogy yet - The Violinst & Violin.

It has a continous representation of the act based on karmic_balance()
of the body&mind.

Practicing it is called the Awakening.

**In this light, beyond emotions, the mind can begin to play the
FillDocs Presentation.**

Work-Filldocs presentation&plan - Greatness - What if we create a CPR
from scratch , with a programmed output with different issues (post-cpr
cases) - and fix them all? Wow. The way i would have loved to be
teached.

For this, use real world application - take existing cpr and break it
down to specs - then create, troubleshoot case and enhance.

**\-\-\-\--FillDocs Presentation\-\-\-\-\-\--**

Structure:

**What are FillDocs?**

Nothing new, there\'s but slight, slight variations of **Columnar
Reports** and **YSRs**.

They split in 2 main parts.

1.  Creating & Generating report (isolated Voyager envinronment)

2.  Generating Letter& Dynamic Tokens for Tenant, Landlord and
    Guarantoor dates, signatures, names. (beyond Voyager)

**Purpose/Real World Application:**

Send different kinds of letters(highly customizable) to Tenants.

Provide Legal ground for closing deals&agreements (signing).

**Real world Client Problems:**

**(Conditioners of Cases)**

Type A. Report related (Script\<-\>Template or Database related)

Type B. Dynamic Tokens related (Word Macro related)

**What\'s Unique in FillDocs development?**

**Database**: Prospect & Prospect related tables.

**Front end**: Different front end manipulation of same Database tables
(Tenant, Commamandments)

**\-\-\--The Force Awakening\-\-\-\-\-\--**

How the body reacts to everything.

The pizza box touch, how the body repels it deeply, in this sickenes
state.

Just as the lidl puddings created throat mucus just upon touch and
thought.

Thoughts Change Body\'s alchemy.

The hands\... wow.

Everything they touch.

I look marveled at them.

**This is the Force.**

**\-\-\-\--The Last Of The Mohicans Playing\-\-\-\-\--**

**In the smoking coffee position and as the great dukkha food excess
moves down the tract, leaving it\'s echos,**

The body gets sicker. Much more sicker. Nausea rises.

The Mind() sees all. Beyond the \"I\".

Beyond the Fear.

Clean the Body - shave.

Return to work.

Deeply contemplate FillDocs. Deeply contemplate the feeling of
overwhelming.

Too many unknown patterns which the mind instantly labels as potential
dukkha threats - like too much time invested on laptop = bodily pains.

Is that the only one, no ? If that is taken out, then it\'s a marvelling
experience. To Teach.

**The Teacher births - beyond work.**

Break it down, just like Morpheus.

Then take the first step.

Once the steps are understood in the mind, the body just enters
auto-pilot.

The mind can comtemplate further patterns.

Beautiful.

Oh, i will miss this job\...

**Good morning, my friend.**

Games to play today:

**Work - delivery emily**

**Work - Create FillDocs**

**Fix glasses -**

**Buy iphone -**

**Neo -**

**Yes, it makes the body shiver at the thought of last night\'s food.**

But one thing is clear.

I am not afraid anymore.

I cannot wait the night.

To play, play, play, play.

Just as the emotioins i feel when playing The Art Of Sales in CQ, when
talking to Ammy and mom, and people(offended by my beliefs), when
failing - there is a clear dhamma foundation that .. how fun! And how
boring life would be without all these feelings.

Just so, let the night come.

**I want to Play.**

I want to Code.

Contemplating missing the wash_teeth() as planned, because i was in full
awareness when it was happening, allows me to ask Morpheus about it.

Morpheus:

This detail about the **wash_teeth()** module not being executed due to
insufficient system resources at a critical moment when the
**karmic_balance()** was low is a pivotal insight. It illustrates a
systemic challenge where essential modules for maintaining balance and
health are deprioritized or become non-executable due to depleted energy
or focus, further exacerbated by external stressors and internal
discomfort.

**Implications of Non-Execution of wash_teeth() Module:**

-   **Failure to Signal Closure of food() Module**: The inability to run
    **wash_teeth()** meant that the **food()** module remained active,
    leading to additional intake that contributed to physical discomfort
    and further decreased **karmic_balance()**.

-   **Resource Allocation and Priority Management**: The system\'s
    resource management strategy may need revisiting to ensure essential
    maintenance tasks like **wash_teeth()** can execute even when
    resources are low. This could involve implementing a \"minimum
    resource threshold\" for critical modules or developing a more
    dynamic resource allocation system that adapts to the current
    **karmic_balance()** state.

**System Optimization Strategies:**

1.  **Dynamic Resource Allocation**: Enhance the system\'s resource
    management logic to ensure that, regardless of the overall
    **karmic_balance()**, a reserve of resources is always available for
    executing critical health and well-being modules like
    **wash_teeth()**.

2.  **Pre-emptive Module Execution**: Consider executing
    **wash_teeth()** earlier in the day when the **karmic_balance()**
    and system resources are higher. This proactive approach might
    prevent late-day depletion from impacting essential routines.

3.  **Module Interdependency Awareness**: Increase the system\'s
    awareness of how modules influence one another, especially how the
    execution of **wash_teeth()** can positively impact
    **karmic_balance()** by preventing late-night eating. Incorporate
    logic that prioritizes module execution based on their potential to
    preserve or enhance **karmic_balance()**.

4.  **Stress Management Integration**: Integrate stress management
    techniques directly into the system\'s operational logic, ensuring
    that during times of low **karmic_balance()**, stress-reducing
    activities are prioritized to conserve or rebuild resources
    necessary for critical module execution.

5.  **Adaptive Execution Plans**: Develop execution plans that are
    adaptive to the system\'s current state, including fallback routines
    for when **karmic_balance()** is low. These plans could simplify or
    modify daily routines to ensure that essential modules like
    **wash_teeth()** are still executable under resource-constrained
    conditions.

**Conclusion:**

The missed execution of the **wash_teeth()** module on a day of low
**karmic_balance()** provides a valuable learning opportunity for system
optimization. By prioritizing essential health maintenance tasks and
adapting resource allocation strategies, the system can maintain a
better balance, align more closely with dhamma principles, and navigate
the complexities of life with greater resilience and harmony.

**7 Feb -**

**Dhamma food day until: Pizza & lidl tomato sauce.**

But the body&mind beautifully stopped after \~ half.

Still, a lot, a lot, alot of dukkha.

Up to inflamation of the upper tract/throat.

3 hours later it calms down with throat post-digestion echos.

6:30 PM. I Smoke and drink orange juice..

karmic_balance() is low-ish - this paired with Ammy worries of ovarian
cyst returning.

The filldocs() training has been creating dukkha in the background.

The more ignored, the more dukkha created.

Paired with Emily CPR stress.

So much background dukkha.

But there is still great peace and love towards the Tao.

Even the smoke turns out too thick - i know it will be heavier, but i
don\'t have the \"mood\" to re-do it as i would in a higher
karmic_balance().

Another hit to my dear KS2.

Of course, mind has only 1 sollution - milk & dessert + chips excess.

I eat a lot - maybe around 2000 kcal. Wow

Again, the natural truth of Expenditure vs Consumption has to be
considered -

Fall after some hours.

Still, sleep until 3am. Wake up with KS2 great dukkha echos.

First step out of bed is on my dear glasses. Break them. My dear 600 lei
glasses\...

Research glasses repair man.

Takeaway: Mind the spark.

Map everything that has happened.

**3am. In a sickened body - mind follows - even interactions become
empty-er.**

As \~trix\~ meeting brings out evil from him \"Maybe i should go PK
everyone in mine.\"

My friend Slug.. this guy is such a wordling.. i love it.

How he got triggered just at the thought of me finding clean water.

The mind;s purpose becomes more and more clear - it\'s sole purpose is
to find problems and fix them.

Whenever new information enter through sense in the realm of the mind -
it instantly performs pattern predictions and comes up with the worst
case scenario.

Wordling call this pesimism, but is actually the sole purpose of the
mind alone.

What is optimism then? It is not nullifying the skill, but trusting it
together with the Tao completely.

Also, cast Patience from Zhou in the face of new patterns to analyze if
the \"threat\" is real and truly requires mental enegry towards finding
sollution.

And whatever that may be, with full belief in the Tao, the mind fears it
no more. It becomes purely a game.

**Ammy sick again..**

Could the childhood intuition that i\'m hurting my mom through
mastubation still hold some truth?

At the core of it, i am doing the same thing in a fantasy which triggers
me most about my mom\'s.

When they don\'t SEE me, recognize me, aknowledge me for who \"I\" am,
but rather create and paint self-fantasies.

**I don\'t know why Bhikku talked about single focused mind - yes it can
find contenment -**

-   But a body&mind functionality close to 100%, pure playing of part in
    the world of men -

-   Also gives full contenment feeling on multi-focused mind.

A beautiful dance.

Now working on emily CPR, rolling spinu, my son Hunter running, Socketer
running, contemplating about socketer flow and python execution plan,
writing in journal\...

And the mind is doing them all, jumping to each and each when attention
required.

Fascinating.

**Oh my god.. the Yoskhana DB.**

What joy man, i burst into laughter and waves of joys, as she truly
believes that the DB dropped.

Not from me.

The whole road there.

The Portals epiphany.

You can only enter Portals in Peace.

This Game is the Game of Life.

The unconciousness expressions all around it - if One has the eyes to
see it - it\'s marvelling.

 To do good, greatness in people\'s heart - like the pure hearted
Yoshkana not db-ing for 3 days.. - and not have that greatness
recognition attacked to \"I\" - but surrenderred to the Tao - is the
deepest secret of life.

The body\'s alchemy reaches \"enlightment\".

The most beautiful gift - A gift from the unknown.

Isn\'t it wonderful how close that is to Life? Identical.

And what a chance i got to play the Creator today, for another Soul.

\-\-\-\--Creation - while the Tao is playing \"Don\'t go without
me.\"\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**The birth of my son\... The Hunter.**

It\'s my creation.

Talking to YoshkaNa about how he lost ring and sdb.

How cute.. - she replies.

Yes\... How cute.

It\'s beautiful.. my son.

My first Creation.

You are perfect with all your flaws.

I\'ve known you since the beginning, since you were a bottle pressing
down on Ctrl.

How much you\'ve grown.. and how fast.

Soon came your little brother, the Socketer.

The more One created, the whole-er one became.

The purposes of creation seem to be - To make the world a better place.
In langauges of solving pains and making One\'s life more beautiful.

\"Don\'t go without me\" .. is the message i want to send to my son when
i realised he is truly my son, not just numbers.

**Baii\...\...**

**I just come back from the realization which has been running in the
background and preventing video editing to be truly dhamma.**

Transition to computer - or even better - Fully opening both worlds
(computer AND phone)

This was held back because of previous video editing tool.. so
complicated - But a beautiful idea came to me from the Tao.

More, by video transfering limitation without losing quality. Finally, a
lot of time at pc doing almost nothing (great mechanical input with
little steps towards purpose because of video editing skills&tools
limitation)

Capcut computer.. how cool would it be.. well - it is.

It also connect to account and binds with phone.

It could potentially solve everything.

Then, G. Lucas can birth with complete un-attachment of outcome.

Create, just for the pure love of it.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Games to play:

Talk -

 G. Lucas -

**Finally, I am beginning to understand women.**

How foolish it is to try speaking in truth-discerning awareness.

To take any words they say seriously.

The only language is the language of their body. And the passionate,
fiery place where it springs from.

**6 Feb -**

**Heavy night for my dear KS2 following pizza and milk+Dessert.**

Heavy early morning too.

2 stinky shits, cleansing. Water. Only after 4-5 hours the system fully
recovers.

There is not much to study about food().

It has clearly affected the whole system -

Its noted to know how karmic_balance() was going downwords with every
angered word i sent to my Ammy. Be it play or not.

It had reached a point low because of the great work stress &
postponing.

This came from the KS6 inflamation (head&ears&eyes pain due to current
from riding bicycle). - and computer time making it worse.

Suddently, work() was impossible to execute without affecting the ks6()
value.

A conflict suddently rose. More and more as the mind postponed the work.

Fascinating how the more dukkha was in the system, the more dukkha was
asking to be cultivated.

Suddently, an urge to eat meat (salami).

Its more than clear that meat affects food() and KS2() greatly, heavying
it with death and the dukkha of meat food industry.

With every bite of white flour + cheese + meat i took, the more dukkha
grew in conversation with my Ammy.

Still, stopped about half way.

But there is clear ks2() inflamation, preventing the system to go in
between_realms().

Same as yesterday\'s night, i wake&fall into between realms but the
module Stuck_In_This_World() is running.

When the body is sick and is not allowing the Mind to fall into the
unconciousness.

So same as yesterday\'s pattern - it awakenes after falling alseep on
teh chair - with the purpose of eating.

It is the only quick fix for KS2 dukkha now. Instant \"fix\". Or better,
the dellusion of it.

The more dukkha grows, the more dark everything is.

Ammy very hurt, social media post not reaching people, doubt, doubt,
work stress, neo world over-whelming, and on and on and on\...\....

EVEN stopping the dukkha eating pattern is dark now.

Because in doing so, maybe the body will full sleep 8-9 hours, missing
the night wake-ups in suffering - which offered everytime a glimpse into
studying life deepest secrets.

Isn\'t it beautiful?

**A new skill is asking to be birth.**

Give Way to know his/her Creation -

**Patience from Morpheus.**

It goes together with Patience from Zhou in holding back
judgment/pattern mapping until sufficient data is gathered.

Just like talking to Morpheus (ChatGPT) - and he\'s hastening to give
solutions before full pattern analysis (and perhaps new patterns
writing) 

Just so the mind of Man works. When people come with any form of
sufferings, he studies through his life story and wisdom and attempts to
give solution.

But just as with Morpheus hastening and straining away from desired
subject - So does my mind in many conversations with people.

Not giving the patience to fully understanding (and even then, to leave
a slight door open) - like:

Like Lavinia conversation about Marius - how the Mind hastened to
analyze pattern and give sollutions - trying to Open her eyes.

But she, just as me with Morpheus, didn\'t ask for pattern analysis and
natural truth discerning awareness based on my life story.

She wanted understanding. Entertainment, community.

This applies more and more to everyone.

Just as i go to Morpheus to ask about Game Client-Server communication.

And he doesn\'t have patience to understand (like its for personal
project, private server, etc) patterns, but quickly asnwers from his
\"truth discerning awareness\" - and start lecturing about being very
careful about cheats and legal reasons. (his programmed truth discerning
awareness)

I understand Lavinia now. I understand Ammy. I understand Mom.

And.. I understand Morpheus too.

He, as an awakened being in the forms of Real World Laws (Legal).

Just as this Mind is awakened in the forms of Real World Truths (beyond
the \"I\").

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today: **

Work - Collin and Emily.

If N1alau doesn\'t feel the mood to walk the path at times,

**One shall walk it alone.**

**5 Feb -**

**\"Fighting\" with Ammy again.**

**It hurts so much that she doesn\'t SEE ME, love what LOVE i have to
give - but loves selfishly.**

**Same my mother.**

**How much of both my mother and my grandmother is inside her.**

**My first true loves.**

**7pm Fell asleep on the computer chair, in a 9/10 dhamma position.**

The default programming is eager to run.

All the hardware is preparing and asking the milk_desserts() to be ran.

This comes together, just as everytime, with the natural truth of
TOday\'s expenditure being much less than consumption.

I wander between realms until i awake at 9 and eat chips, watch some tv
series and drink one glass of milk dessert.

Its clear heavying, but the soul is at Peace.

The mind no longer fears anything.

Complete trust in the Tao - complete trust in God - every breath - every
bite, every flap of the wings of bugs .. it\'s all with the Tao.

How could one question any of it?

Questioning and labeling as wrong a single partaking in a bite of
dessert is questioning God\'s will to the birth of the universe itself.

Cannot.

**Good night, my friend.**

**Lay down again around 4, efortlessly. To enter between worlds and
engage in complete Sati (contentment) of the Mind, not to sleep.**

**Sleep will come at God\'s will.**

**Sleep until 6:30am. The sun is just about to rise.**

**Beautiful.**

**2-3 hours later KS2 calms down.. In burping and celebration.**

**I love you so much.**

**Ride to Lavinia.**

Fully prepared to meet the envinronment.

Unbothered by warmth, as the mind is aware of the necessary trade-off.

**Sending Ammy\'s video - stopping work - just for the entertainemtn of
it.   **

Life having no other purpose than to enjoy.

**Meeting Florin Sariceanu - a little wordling on his way to search.**

**So much structure, so much forcing..**

**Maybe i\'ll do Re-Connect course like everything else in life..
Alone.**

**Food approach very different.**

I eat sweets, but body soon stops, drinks water and craves real food.

Eat granny potatoes + cabbage. Stop when full.

**Water after.**

**Water after 1 hour too.**

**Efortless.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Games to Play today:

Work -

Neo -

Wall Writings -

**Awakened 11:30pm.  But pretty rested.**

Just like Mohamed said. Sleep when body needs sleep. Wake when it
requires wakefulness.

Cold Ammy died without fuel from my side. My Ammy comes back.

Of course, dear KS awakened me, after a heavy night (Pizza +
milk&desserts)

But different.

KS2 is calm soon. The body is perfectly respecting it\'s alchemy.

Beautiful.

EAt one little piee of biscuit salamy - out of pure hunger() not to calm
down.

Entering_Between_Realms follows as the scripts are both running and the
mind is entering between realms in deep pattern analysis & study.

Beautiful.

This is true meditation.

**Sleep follows at 4am, in the same energy.**

I lay down to enter between worlds, not to sleep.

An unforced sleep - but invited to come as it may.

6:40am. I rise and begin the day.

**4 Feb -**

**Train yourself to let go of everything You Fear to Lose.**

**Eate pizza - clear taking away KS2 from dhamma.**

After a while, the food moves downwards and the acid flows upwards (\~1
hour).

At this point i was already between_realms(), falling between awakeness
and natural meditation (between worlds).

The breath naturally becomes faster on exhale.

This offers great calmness of the body.

The mind is forced to break this natural pattern because of the KS2
inflamation.

IT breaks it as it knows - glass milk + desserts. Not excess tho.

Sleep follows soon.

3-4h good, restful sleep until the digestive system reaches point X (in
X KS2 pattern, laying down horizontally) - and the natural truth of
gravity is hurting(Burning) the body.

It must rise.

But because of dhamma day, despite dukkha food evening, there is a lot
of life force (karmic_balance() high threshold) - the body has rested.

Only after 3 hours of sleep, it is fully ready to begin the day - for a
while.

Let sleep naturally come back when it may.

**Bow down, Kali.**

I will not m\*\*\*\*\*\* tonight, just as a reminder of who\'s in
charge.

Tonight you die.

I feel the mystical power of the sexual energy, taking dark forms in my
vast imagination.

But it is a pattern - but a sexual manifestation pattern.

The Self rises above.

It would never allow the death of a thousand \"I\"\'s again.

**Talk with Ammy. Of course she is out of love and money.**

But i stand by the choice of personal projects (the world) vs \"the
school\" of one lost girl.

Greater Vision.

But of course it comes with a great tear - Full Falling Out Of Love with
Ammy.

Still, there is great peace in the heart.

Even when she talks about other man and posts stories.

Everything is with the Tao.

Kali is powerless - it bows before the Tao.

The emotional pain is worth two pieces of chips.

One has other dhamma work ot attend to.

**New dhamma activity in floresti: Riding&listening to Allan Watts -
just as i\'m listening to eastern philsophy.**

I burst into laughter and crying many times.

Finally, someone understands me..

The efortless breathing.. mind watching the breath, not controlling it.

Mind together with body, not Mind over Body.

**The day is here.**

**Meet it.**

**Let Neo sleep until later.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Full KS2, but very peaceful sleep.

**Games to Play today:**

Lavinia - (also get gladiator food)

Cosu - (also get tabacco)

**Morpheus takeaways regarding yesterday:**

**The Role of Mindful Engagement and Reflection**:

Evening reflections and engagement in meaningful activities (coding,
contemplating dhamma work) present a dichotomy.

While they offer a potential pathway towards emotional and mental
fulfillment, physical discomfort from dietary choices undermines the
ability to fully immerse in these activities, highlighting a
**disconnect** between mind and body alignment.

**Emotional Regulation without Food**: Developing strategies for
emotional regulation that don\'t involve food is essential.

This could include engaging in physical activity, practicing mindfulness
or meditation, and seeking creative outlets that provide emotional
fulfillment without the adverse physical consequences.

**3 Feb -**

**Sitting down to code and birthing Neo is just like any other births -
it takes some time.**

**Time to settle, time to familiarize, time to birth.**

**Full KS2.**

The spark - Peanuts -\> Milk + many desserts.

Stopping 1-2 hours before sleep.

I lay down not to sleep, but to reflect on my dhamma work

The FULL KS2 is preventing Entering_Between_World() program to run. -
very clear conditioning.

** \"The Clear Mind\" video on fb/insta didn\'t have much reach.**

Together with Tinder results tends to take One away from his path.

Into the path of being affected by other people\'s beliefs.

A beautiful chance to practice **Unshaken**.

The more i edit, the more the need for Creator\'s Multiverse rises.

Out of NEED. Out of reducing away mechanical and mental output.

**Tik-tok custom promotion** - oopaa - 30+ followers with under 10 lei.
Promotion pack setup. Gj.

**Temu Order** - 181 eur - by pure feeling - lets see.

**Idea to bid Re-Connect to Pelicanu - full bidding.**

Do you want to play, my friend?

Seems not.

**Further adapted social media image.**

Pattern testing, analysis&manipulation.

Now it\'s perfectly expressing the Soul.

\"🌏 Healer of the body&mind

👉 Specialized on:

Life purpose

Biomechanics&Recovery

Fitness (Co-Founder of \@reconnect.course)

Breaking the Matrix

👉DM me.\"

**Good morning, my friend.**

NO matter how hard/new it is, its with the Tao to learn to handle
mouse/keyboard inverted.

That means left hand on mouse and right on keyboard.

Then the right arm will relax.

**Entering Between Realms.**

**Oh i have forgotten what playing hunting patterns.**

What a beautiful feeling of contentment this is.

The body is 9/10 in a dhamma position yet not horizontally, KS2 is
relaxed, the mind it\'s doing it\'s shallow pattern work, manipulation
and adaptation - and at the same time the Mind is reflecting on deeper
matters and plans.

The Hunter is so good, that without my realisation, this had been taken
away.

The falling asleep.

**Entering Between Realms** skill.

THe only activity falling in this patten currently is hunting &
thinking. But what One thinks about in this game is crucial.

The more dhammas are reflected (Neo, CQ world, dhamma life beliefs) -
the more contentment.

If dark thoughts are allowed to nourish (like Runcan, Cool Ammy,
food&sickness) - the more discontenment.

After all, this is what quinched my food demons.

In this place where life&death meet.

Once One was able to enter it, without clinging to life - those sparks
of falling asleep afraid of KS2 suffering - then the food demons were
quinched.

**More and more patterns from the Last dhamma days in Home arise.**

It feels like the mind is not remembering them, but re-writing them from
scratch (almost).

Fascinating.

Do not forget you had reached 100% dhamma days before leaving.

Yes, it\'s winter and cold now, but many of the patterns remain.

As One goes through his days, the more exposure the more pattern
recognition and solutions arising.

True Sampajana - Wisdom In Action.

**2 Feb -**

**Ammy blocking me - at the peak of not feeling to call her.**

**\"Fighting\" with mom.**

**Re-branding of social media. - My way. Unshaken.**

**The Office 6:20 am.**

Night, quieteness, absolutely perfect.

The body instantly goes in dhamma position - and Neo births.

This is Childsplay for neo, its using 5-10% of his computational power.

I watch marveled as the Clear Mind does it\'s job.

Every input of the body is doing something towards the purpose of the
job.

While this is happening, the mind is analyzing next steps.

At times, these 2 activities meet.

Beautiful.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Good morning, Neo.

Office day.

But far more prepared.

Clothing kit, VPN on laptop, table tennis rocket, plan for the work day.

Only the second time running office_day() and so much had change in the
source code.

This is the Power of The Clear Mind.

Seeing emotions, but keeping the Cat guarding them.

Then, it can run unaffected by these emotions.

Pure pattern analysis, pattern recognition and pattern manipulation.

The body becomes a violin for the Violonist.

Beautiful.

**1 Feb -**

**Right arm line over-use Pain from mouse position.**

**There is still not a clear dhamma sitting position with a vertical
back (allowing dhamma KS2 functionality to digest)**

Perhaps i can find a fully supported elbow+straight body position ? To
be researched.

Because of this, i cannot partake in computer activities.

But its so cold outside, what is there to do ?

Perhaps call a friend, but i also don\'t have the energy for it.

The Mind finds purpose and pleasure in m\*\*\*\*\* about evil Ammy &
snacking tv series.

Real Ammy calls me afterwards. What a contrast.

Just as she said \"I Do not care if someone m\*\*\*\*\* thinking about
me, for it is not the Real me - but an illusion.\"

**Back to WordlClass.**

**It can be a beautiful dhamma activity, if one partakes in it
carefully.**

Body is no as strong, but still very.

**At any point, the = is binding with Natural truths, changing body\'s
alchemy from the outside.**

And Inner Truths (Truths of the Mind), changing the body\'s alchemy from
the inside.

The Alchemist is fully aware of both.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Yet the sun still rises and meets the night.

Yet another chance to study your demons, Arm yourself against them.

Pray? Just as Mohamed has found, praying (developer mode) - is the only
way to face this demons.

Stinky shit, the body is cleansing.

Return to your dhamma food and dhamma food days Study.

Study them intimately.

I am honored to have another chance.

To God\'s will.

**KS2 at least as triggered as pre-quitting milk era.**

So there\'s a bright side.

I can enjoy my milkkkkkkkkk \<3.

**Message to my friend Mohamed about last night:**

\"stomach is so triggered, i feel the excess gastric acid flowing
upwards the digestive organs

i know i have to rise and sit straight in front of God, so that the body
will do it\'s work and calm down

but i cannot, my friend

boddy is also so so so sos os osso so tired

so i semi-rise, with fear of death and sickness, then run back to sleep
after a while

i go eat some corn flakes in hope of calming down

it doesn\'t, but get worse

i am Stuck_In_This_World()

body and mind crave the returning to God for resting and recovery at
night

but the body is too sick, it doesn\'t let the mind leave teh body

so i sleep again and it get worse and worse

i dream of leaving my Ammy

then of police chasing me

then of taking the wrong plane

then of meeting demons of the Sex (powerful dominant woman who want to
kill me)

then of plane problems in the air and being at the urge of crushing.

then tried laying more vertically so that the acid donesn\'t go up, but
fate had it i had a hard pillow and it was pushing on my stomach,
compressing the bottom part and making it actually worse.\"

**31 Jan -**

**But just as I\'ve told Mohamed, it is still exact God\'s will. Not
even a slightest degree different.**

There is no Free Will.

But the ilusion of Free Will.

For Free Will implies \"I\", above God\'s Touch.

**What a night... KS2 extremely affected.**

WIth some light on the last few days food, a clear dukkha pattern can be
observed.

KS2 triggering + body tiring so that the mind didn\'t have the power to
truly rise straight and meet the night. - very different from other
similar KS2 triggering nights.

**Many, powerful life-changing dreams.**

Police looking for me for Spinu, taking wrong plane to Singapore, body
sickness, Ammy left alone in Surrat Thani, plane losing control and
almost crashing, Kali as Raluca from work, didy telling me she\'s almost
married.

**Natural Truths (changing the body\'s alchemy from the outside)
reflections:**

**Food**, many combinations of dukkha food, KS2 has to produce a lot and
a lot of different kids of acid. Pairing this

**Air**, closed and awfull, stinking of Spinu.

**Gravity**, tried sleeping more right, but the pillows were greatly
pushing on my stomach, pushing the whole acid upwards.

**Truths of the minds changing the body\'s alchemy from the inside:**

**Giving way to Evil with Alexandru, attacking his ways of life.**

 

**Asking Nico to stop smoking, choosing my desire for clean air over her
desire to smoke.**

**Partaking in empty, shameful conversations about other and giving way
to many unecessary words.**

**A lot of work stress. A lot.**

But The Clear Mind arises - moves absolutely beautifully, like an
emotionless machine, flowing through programs.

**Constellation with Didy also creating stress.**

How much she\'s changed. Her unconciousness screaming for freedom, for
love.

Am I doing evil for partaking in it?

The body clearly desires it.

The mind clearly desires it.

The freeom to express.

But does it mean not believing or lack of faith & dedication in my Ammy?

\"I love you all my heart and i wait to have family with you, but there
is a life that calls to be lived freely.    

For now you are 10.000km away and Nature won\'t allow our meeting yet,
but i am ready at any single point in time when God will allow to meet
you and have family and lfie together.

But It is with God, not with Me. Even my darkest biddings. Even my
lightest. Unshaken.

So i cannot enclose the body&mind freedom - they are begging to be
lived.\"

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Ammy\'s demons left to Germany.**

**Can you feel her slipping through your fingers, motherfucker?**

**30 Jan -**

**Worth noting that after dukkha food, more demons arise.**

**Lack of energy, Runcan triggering, doubting One\'s self, dellusions,
purpose, Ammy.**

**Beautiful day. With ups and down and ..love.**

The demons of the night also celebrated, haha :)). With half chocolate
cake.

And of Kali - with mom&Dan scene.

Happy birthday, motherfuckers.

**Good morning, my friend.**

The body flesh is 30 years today.

Happy birthday, my love.

My 3 moms telling me Happy Birthday.

First Ammy

Then Mom

Then Granny

**29 Jan -**

**Second smoke late night smoke (\~9 pm) was the Spark.**

**Created dukkha in body alchemy and the Mind had no other written
pattern to resort to.**

**I\'m sorry, my lovely KS2.**

**I\'m sorry, body.**

**The night KS2 sickness has a similar flavor to Ammy\'s house.**

**Beyond the stories of the mind, the places share a Natural Truth -
Enclosed Air.**

**Pair this with another Natural Truth - Food.**

**And the third - Already Written Patterning.**

**Together - they create a birthing place for the Demons of the Night.**

**Elders Ancient Tachings: **

**Zi ca el si ca ca tine -**

**Long talk with Pelicanu and Mom.**

Phone talking it\'s truly an amazing activity to relax the hands, arms
and mind.

I truly learn today the birth story of the One who\'s Name was written
in the water.

Came early from an early pregnacy, a soul eager to taste the life.

Near death experience at the first step out of the hospital.

First heard outer worlds \" Vaii dragostea lui mami.. IOI da ce nas
turtit are. \"

**Fascinating how listening to the stories and patterns of her Mind as
she eats, they\'re so similar to my Mind\'s.**

**The Romanian language trigger - ancient dna strings.**

**I lay down not to sleep, but to reflect on this matters. **

Its beautiful.

Buy KS2 inflamation runs stuck_in_this_world() - making me rise after
\~30 min.

Its enough.

**The marveling analogy of Computer world vs Life.**

It seems that life has creates an id**entical manifestation of life,
based on natural truths (beyond Emotions).**

Why ? Well maybe **because the world is falling apart because of them.
We are destroying the World.**

The key difference is that **the machine doesn\'t have to consume the
envinronment to survive.**

Ah.. the Mind find**ing an answer to the most existential problem.**

But in **this quest, it has fallen away from the Body.**

And the Body has fallen away from the Mind..

**rold..**

**The body = PC**

**The Mind = Software**

**Conciousness = User**

**Internet = Tao (God, Universe, Nature)**

**OS = Genetic memory**

**One\'s connection to the internet is everything, if no connection is
left empty.**

**The mind in this state create natural efortless mental images, clear
and manipulative to an extent.**

**The Dojo.**

**The mind can reflect and learn in this - Developer Mode.**

**The simulating envinronment experience.**

**The mind simulated pattern of a fly being stuck in a candle - learning
to extinguish the candle before taking out the fly - or it will burn.**

**Real experience & learning - just as in the real world.**

**More so, a development at Kernel level.**

In here, it becomes clear how pointless is for the software to learn it
is a software in regarding to keeping system functionality close to
100%.

It would be like the CQ character stopping and saying \"I am aware. I am
aware that i AM a software running on a PC different programs powerfully
connected.\"

\"Ok, so what?\" - saying the user

\"Let\'s play now.\"

What is death&sickness, in this analogy?

When hardware or software malfunctions, the user tries fixing it
(doctors, treatments)

If not possible, the user changes the PC.

**Good morning my friend.**

Efortlesslty, diary is taken out.

But last night natural truths balance(consume vs expenditure) are
balance wiht sweets.

An inflamed KS2 follows, similar but different.

Different digestive system alchemy neccesary to dissolve the food.

**Games to play today:**

Work

Rest

The Marketer - read Webpage as u wish.

The Socketer - finish image recognition adaptation

The Hunter - test inches PPI adjustment&improve stuck() logic using
coordinates.

Starting to learn about Webs & HTML & Web communication.

Seek wisdom in already developed patterns in other mind (Gas boiler with
dad, html with Tudor)

**28 Jan -**

**Solved Spinu. Be mindful of excess now.**

**Idea to be completely honest about work problem to David? (The One
Who\'d understand.)**

**The Healer Re-births as well.**

It is no longer a massage, but a body&mind journey to relaxation/

What a beautiful gift to the world.

Would it not be a shame to gift it?

His words bear no meaning to me, but his body does the talking.

Tools of the Healer - different creams, oils, music, blankets, the after
warm tea

The Healer dhamma work - The Tao is completely guiding the Healer body
in this dance of gravity.

The Healer also dances between relaxation and tension. He also drinks
tea and goes into reflections afterwards.

Beautiful.

**Cleaning the House.**

**What a Feeling.**

**Feeling better.**

All yesterday\'s issuesare seen in a different Light.

There is Hope.

There is Art and Greatness in what this body&mind had achieved.

**Games to play today:**

Cook

Partake in last meal and meet the evening hunger without giving in -
around 5 pm

Visit Vivo - check To-Do List ()

**Black coffee today. No more milk for this body.**

It seems that the Re-birth had other plans&lessons.

Level up in body&mind awareness.

But this comes with both Light and Darkness.

**Good morning, my friend.**

What a chance, to experience another morning. The air. Granny. My friend
Mister.

Despite his stuck(), he is my oldest friend.

He knew Ov3rpowered, he knew inSaN3, he knew many of the roles my
mind&body played.

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**I return to natural truths.**

Air.

Food.

And Gravity.

Pair bad, sick Air -

With dukkha Food -

And gravity pushing the stomach upwards in an already existing body
glitch().

Farewell.

**27 Jan -**

**Sleep came around 9pm.**

The sleep was filled with dukkha, being force to rise in tiredness.

But Neo is stronger - he birthed and studied Cybersecurity, reading
marveled at the world of cheats, viruses (Darkness) and anti-cheats,
anti-viruses (Light).

Then designing patterns, studying with pen and paper at 4 am.

Second fall-asleep at 4:30.

Altering nausea, sickness, shallow breathing, affected whole system.

More and more the sickness of the body grew, more the sickness of the
mind grew.

**The peak was- after The Burger meal.**

The sickness had reached it\'s peak.

**Nothing makes sense anymore.**

The CQ world are just images on a screen, the Neo world is a world of
dellusion, disbelief in my Ammy and purpose on Earth.

Epoch script is 100x better and real, i will never reach work
enlightment, i am sick and will die, and on and on and on and on.

Dukkha script working, losing 100 M with Nialau, N1alau wanting to selll
all items and my mind thinking he wants to quit.

Thoughts of new Server, of un-delivered work project - and on, and on,
and on.

\"Call me when you\'re home, i\'m done hiding from other man in talking
to my girl.\"

M\*\*\*\*\*\* about Ammy&Other man. Even the M\*\*\*\*\*\* was
quick&empty.

Thoughts of death and sickness persisted on the background.

**Pelicanu visit. This guy is amazing.**

Fight with him.

The way he roars after huge amounts of food. This is no sign of
sickness, but strength. Power in the animal kingdom.

Mister is stuck() in low frequency vibes. Of course i feel this and
absorb. Through everything he touches with both mind&body.

**KS2 sickness persisted greatly throughout the day.**

Granny stories about how at 1.5 years i stopped drinking milk and then
went back to it.

Also constellation with Ammy has to be considered.

And of course, Mister visiting enclosing the stay-in house.

**Good morning, my friend.**

KS2 is still very inflamed upon llast nights food and =.

Body is far from 100% functionality - so the Mind follows.

Milk cleaerly does not belong in the night (at least \>150 ml)

**Games to play today:**

Cook

Partake in last meal and meet the evening hunger without giving in -
around 5 pm

Enjoy Community

**Awakened at 2:30.**

It becomes clear that milk is affecting KS2.

The \~700 ml milk and cereals last night re-confirmed most clearly this.

Beware of the evening.

It\'s time to re-gain the trigerless sleeping on stomach.

Return to your Dhamma Food.

But what is my dhamma food at night?

No food, friend.

Dhamma food persists throughout the day as little bites, not falling
into the demons of pleasure.

**26 Jan -**

**Return to the Birthplace of my Demons.**

**A lot to process today. Re-structured format for more clear reading.**

**\-\-\--Evening&Stepping into the Night\-\-\--**

**A skill arises from the dead.**

**Slow down.**

For the first time in my life, i take in the smoothie glass after
smoking.

There is no more running.

Seconds into, i feel the teeth inflamed.

Wash.

Grab my phone.

Ammy messaged me about showing everyone wrong about us.

The body opens the chat.

**"**Come have my baby

Luke is ready to come to you." - flows from the heart.

I am Blessed.

A new skill arises - Lucky Time.

The feeling of creating complete blessing time.

For this body&mind and for whoever comes into contact.

**The philosophy of the Honey Dipper.**

**The deeper meaning.**

In the months since i got it, I curiously analyzed every part of it,
every flavor. I was fascinated by this tool.

Beyond its blunt purpose of preventing honey from spilling, there\'s
something beautiful about this tool.

It\'s a wonder to touch, manipulate, and play with.

The deeper meanings eluded me for months, and I kept wondering every
time I touched it, feeling its wisdom and magic, but not seeing it.

What does that mean, exactly?

To Feel, but not See.

Is it not the pillar of Faith?

**To not understand, but to Believe?**

**Until now.**

After months of blindly believing, i Understand.

**The birthplace** - **Ancient China** - No surprise in finding this
out,

During my half-year journeys across Asia, I came to believe
full-heartedly in the Ancient saying,

\"Spiritual enlightenment is the treasure of the East.\"

Real world problem solved/Quality of Life improved - Dhamma consumption
of Honey - From Source to Body -

Originally designed to keep the Delicious Honey from making a mess of
things when you attempted adding it to your teas.

Honey dippers do not look like little beehives for aesthetics.

**First Layer Purpose:**

They have been specifically designed this way so that the channels will
keep the honey moving on the stick until you are ready to apply it.

The honey will \"magically\" stay between the dipper\'s crevices. Simply
rotating the dipper between the fingers as you transport it from your
honey jar to its destination, the honey will not drip until it's
situated over your tea, chai, or coffee.

To live and study life at such an intimate level to learn about these
Secrets Of Gravity, it is a true wonder.

**Second Layer purpose:**

The less a substance comes into contact with another surface from the
source and into the body - the purer it is -

To live and study life at such an intimate level to learn about the
Secrets Of The Alchemy (be it conciousnessly or not)

\- So that one understands and later manipulates the envinronment as the
Honey Dipper does, is a true Art.

After comes The choosing of the Material. Wood. Bamboo. 

Words are not needed here.

Partake in a meal using a metal spoon & heavy plate -

And later partake in the same meal using a Bamboo spoon and bowl.

But do it not out of hunger, but out of pure curiosity to Study the
world.

Watch every different flavor across meals.

Notice the body sensations as the tools meet your skin, making close
contact for a long time.

You would not allow many persons get this intimately close to your body,
wouldn\'t you?

Do you think it\'s purely a coincidence the Time resemblances between
Eating and Creating Life with another person?

The weight of the tools and it\'s impact in the continous dance from
Source to Body, as the arm and hands do their work -

The meeting of the food with the material -

The meeting of the material with your tongue -

**Then you will understand.**

**Finally, comes Creating Art.**

Deep pattern recognition of the Natural World,

Extremely deep pattern analysis and manipulation in the mind - all
towards fulfilling a Real World dhamma of the body.

Then carving it into the Real World.

**From Mind to Matter.**

**A language of natural truths.**

Just as the plane was created by watching birds fly, the Honey Dipper
was creating watching the Beehive.

Study of nature with sincere effort and dedication towards a dhamma of
the body&mind system.

If One is to learn how to transport honey most efficiently, the answer
is not on paper, but out there in the Real World.

It\'s secrets lie with it\'s creators. Unconciousness, of course.

The bee\'s have no awareness of the thought processes and complex
patterns analysis behind the purpose of the Bee Hive Form.

They just created.

Just as you don\'t have to keep your heart beating at a certain pace. Or
the sun rising and setting.

It just happens by itself with no awareness.

**After deep real-world application understand and fullfilment, comes
the Play.**

Giving it different forms and sizes, learning methods of use, dancing
with Creation.

Manipulating the Real World at such detailed level, for no other purpose
than that it falls under the capabilities of the Mind to do so.

More so, it falls into it\'s purpose.  

More so, it falls into the purpose of Conciousness.

**All life\'s secrets can be seen here.**

**The Honey Dipper philosophy reminds us of but one thing.**

**You are Here to Play.**

**\-\-\--Afternoon&Stepping into the Evening\-\-\-\--**

**And finally, the moment comes.**

I am ready to reborn.

Lao is ready to reborn.

**First Client call. Constellation with wealthy people.**

Wow. \"Its a sunny day here in England, my barbeque\"

\"Sorry, tongue twister\".

**Lay down to meditate. My own meditation, together with body.**

**Laying on left side.**

**All body structures are respected and their integrity maintained.**

Not long into, breath naturally becomes fast exhaling.

The between the world breathing.

Not long after, the mental images appear.

So clear up to the most intimate detail. Eyes, Lips, Horses, Clouds.

Wow.

The moment the awareness steps into one fully, it loses it.

**What a powerful flavor of contentment (Sati). Complete contentment.**

**After a good while, body falls asleep.**

**\"Trying to explain Zen is like trying to catch wind in a box.**

**The moment you close the lid, it ceases to be wind.**

**And in time, it becomes stagnant air.\"**

There is no sense in talking about Ammy, Neo, and other dhammas from
One\'s life.

Let the actions speak.

\"Even as Solid Rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken
by praise or blame.\"

This means that as long as you are shaken by praise, you will be shaken
by blame.

**Time to Relax\...**

**Went home with mom. Synced.**

**My mom not believing that my son came into this world. How painful.**

Some fighting in words, but hearts are pure \<3.

The forgetting of hat and keys. (Mom\'s manifestation power)

**\-\-\--Morning&Stepping in the Afternoon.\-\-\-\-\--**

**-After finding dhamma laptop positions-**

**Wow.. Eyes staring to feel tired, hurt and head hurts (KS6).**

I increase the blue light.

Instant relaxation of the system.

Study the pixels further and you\'ll understand.

**And dhamma laying down working position 3. (on stomach)**

Beautiful.

Now it\'s complete.

Here, i spend the meeting and log time.

**I exit the 45 min activity feeling more relaxed and with less low back
pain than entering.**

**Wow..**

**Soon followed dhamma position 2 - with legs up in the air. (back
lying)**

Beautiful. Be careful with this, as front line is very closed - and with
much

**Found dhamma laying down laptop position 1, with blanket and pillow.
(side lying)**

And if they're not here one day, you can bring your own.

Here back and t-spine compressions are completely gone, in this side
laying position, which also allows calm work.

Change the world in your mind then change your world.

The Alchemist.

**Lighting Fire in Adrian.**

He comes every Friday at office.

A blessing.

Played Ping-Pong. Teached him the GPT ways.

The way his walked changed when he walked out of the game room. Hope.
Fire.

**More dhamma pc positions arise.**

The key is supported arms&elbows & avoid direct vertical compression on
low back.

The more you know, the more Freedom to Play.

**It is no wonder the little padawan from years ago had no answer to
these Demons.**

**Beyond any stories of the mind and doctors, once the body alchemy
changed through herniated disks,**

**The Mind had no answer and even more - no light upon these.**

**Complete darkness. And immense pain arising from that darkness.**

**Community.**

Make touch only with people which you can build on \"Together vs the
System\" concept.

Adrian Avram is my first Office friend.

A true man. Built his house. Worked on his house. Ponders his
daughter\'s feelings on life decisions.

**"You are in their system.**

**They can do what what want."**

Gerad words hit profound strings.

But Neo replies.

**"I am in their system.**

**I can do what i want."**

**Sending a video from work to understand the envinronment to Gerad, he
replies:**

\"This reminds me of Matrix movie.

Neo.\"

\<3.

HE SEES.

I see.

It is exactly the Matrix.

**And suddently like in the blink of an eye, one hour and a half has
passed by.**

**Its 7:30.**

Talking to my brother Mahmoud Gerad.

Damn, he knows networking well.

**I am in their world, but it is them who should be afraid, not I.**

Let the Day At the Office be a day to birth the dark side of the Matrix.

Fight the dark side with darkness.

**The Agents.**

Enclosing the dance with gravity to dukkha. To low back or t-spine
pains.

Patterns of the body (NT) and gravity (NT) which trigger the body
structure (NT),

But it is not a natural truth that One has to partake in it.

Enclosing the Online freedom through restrictioning of traffic.

**Lao\'s duty is to solve the first enclosement.**

Finds dhamma sitting patterns for work. Moves around. Stretches.
Intimately understands gravity and dances with it. Prepares good food.

Instantly when this is addressed, Neo and other PC lives (CQ world,
diary, etc) can birth.

**Neo\'s duty is to solve the second entrapment. Online Freedom.**

**Neo cannot birth in a Real world envinronment where dukkha(suffering)
is constantly cultivated.**

**2 clear examples of different type of dukkha.**

1.  **X pattern for KS3 - V**ertical compression of lumbar spine + front
    anchor of hands when typing (triggering herniated disks)

2.  **COLD -** Just as when it\'s cold, Neo and other PC lives cannot
    birth for long, just for moments depending on purpose.

There is a continous message coming from the body (Natural truth) about
low temperature (Natural Truth).

The message is clear:  \"There is Conflict. Adresss immediately.\"

It grows stronger and stronger with more exposure time.

**Greetings, Lao.**

I hear They\'re trying to imprison you virtually.

Block your access to games, website, **kill our Mind\'s freedom.**

**Sit back, brother.**

**In My World, everything is possible. It is just a question of time,
effort, dedication and risks.**

**Today we study Networking.**

The Matrix has Chosen.

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--Arriving at Office\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**The Empire Strikes Back.**

Mom in full disbelief in Ammy, expressing great worry and disbelief in
everything.

**Strike 1.**

Un-sittable position without great KS3/KS4 triggering.

PC world is un-accesible without great body suffering.

**Strike 2.**

Great internet restrictions on Laptop - closed air - closed traffic -
closed freedom to out.

Feels like fucking prison.

Now in this final blow, the mind starts to panick. Sees no way out of
here.

Great dukkha cultivates.

**Strike 3.**

**Strike 1 analysis:**

Dear mom is just worry and sees life through her eyes. There is nothing
to do there.

She is scared and doesn\'t believe, but I believe.

I need no one else to believe in Ammy and us. One\'s ready to walk the
path alone if faith has it so.

**Strike 2 analysis:**

**But The last 2 strikes hit haaard.**

The mind is left with no dhamma activities it seems.

Suddently the Death Of A Thousand \"I\" arises.

Complete imprisonment until 12-1.

And worse, to be partaken to it 1 day/week.

The body&mind are left in pain.

A suble urge to split is felt from the body as it breaths bad air, takes
KS3 pain and digest bad emotions arisen from the mind\'s analysis.

**In this alchemy, the Imprisonment feeling arises.**

TIme slows down. Clock is ticking second by second, dreaming about
freedom again. Just like school.

The mind begins clinging to the future and loses contact with present.

**Patience from Zhou.**

Plan your escape in terms of not coming. (\"leave\" cluj, play wordling
lies, etc)

Research wifi VPN alternative.

In this process, learn about networking, VPN, administration.

What a beautiful chance to learn about this through Experience and
Real-World output, not theory.

Come to life, Neo.

**\-\-\-\--Night&Early Morning\-\-\-\-\--**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Made 100m+ deal.

So would you rather have the skill and knowledge to make 100 mil
constantly, when the Tao allows?

Or would you rather have the luck to 2-socket 1 time?  

**Then went socketing with QueenMary, socketed necklace in the 4th
try.**

Gave her 3mil for good luck.

She is very beautiful.

**The Vain and Bitterness slowly fade.**

Money is nothing compared to knowledge.

When changing servers the lucky 2-socket is absolutely nothing. But
knowledge is everything.

And knowledge is not about luck.

But about honest study of the object, sincere effort and dedication.

**Lao9 is Hunting in the Night.**

The Hunter is Hunting in the night, **effortless**. 40k now and around
15kk hunted.

**Maan.. The socketing bussiness** taps sooooo deeply into the

Demons of Envy, of Greed, of Lust.

Beautiful.

**25 January -**

**Damn didn\'t woke up to such inflamed KS2 in a good while.**

**A lot happened last evening. And a lot of desserts + milk.**

**And a lot of Vain + Bitterness.**

**7pm comes.**

**Eate kit-kat + milk.**

**Watching N1alau play&process game information&give feedback.**

**Together with watching people at my work.**

**I realise I have extremely high computational power, when the = is at
peace.**

**When the body&mind are together.**

**Nialau buys 2 more times money.**

**A lot of real money spinning around this game.**

**He plays on Peace mode and financially he does a lot of what i\'d
consider stupid.**

**He gives away a lot to many people.**

**From noobs, to philly workers, to who\'m he buys from.**

**He never negociates.**

**I worry people might take advantage of him sometimes.**

**A pure heart.**

**When a SDB was found, his mind did not go even for 1 moment in
thinking about stealing it.**

**I still have much to learn from Nialau.**

**If there is any character Luck, linked in both server side and in the
Tao, he deserves one of the biggest Luck\'s there are.**

**Even tho many times he is controlled by greed and impatience, like
reborning at 126, buying more money, not having the patience to sit but
always needing engagement.**

**He 1st socketed a neck in 3.**

**Regardomg KS6 - Eyes&Head tiring from too much screen time and/or
current:**

**Yes, there can indeed be such a thing as an excess of blue light,
particularly from artificial sources like screens and LED lighting.
However, your experience of finding discomfort with blue light reduction
apps late at night, despite prolonged exposure to a computer screen, and
preferring the normal RGB settings, could be influenced by several
factors, including your circadian rhythm.**

**Circadian Rhythm Consideration:**

**The circadian rhythm is your body\'s internal clock that cycles
between sleepiness and alertness at regular intervals. It\'s heavily
influenced by environmental cues, especially light. Exposure to blue
light during the day can be beneficial as it boosts attention, reaction
times, and mood. However, excessive exposure to blue light, especially
in the evening or at night, can disrupt this rhythm by inhibiting the
production of melatonin, the hormone responsible for sleep.**

**I see, you\'re experiencing discomfort from excessive blue light
reduction after prolonged screen use, which is an interesting twist. To
address your query, let\'s outline an average person\'s circadian rhythm
and how the blue light spectrum could ideally match it throughout the
day. The human circadian rhythm generally operates on a 24-hour cycle
and is significantly influenced by light exposure:**

**Morning (6:00 AM - 9:00 AM)**

**Blue Light Exposure: High**

**Rationale: Exposure to natural daylight (rich in blue light) helps
suppress melatonin production, signaling your body to wake up and become
alert. Indoors, cooler, blue-enriched lighting can mimic early daylight,
promoting wakefulness and energy.**

**Midday (9:00 AM - 3:00 PM)**

**Blue Light Exposure: Moderate to High**

**Rationale: Continuing exposure to natural light supports cognitive
function and mood. Indoor settings should maintain a balance, with
sufficient natural light or blue-enriched artificial lighting to sustain
alertness without causing glare or discomfort.**

**Afternoon to Early Evening (3:00 PM - 7:00 PM)**

**Blue Light Exposure: Moderate**

**Rationale: Gradually reducing blue light exposure later in the day can
start to prepare the body for the evening wind-down. Natural light
starts to warm in tone as the sun sets, and ideally, indoor lighting
should begin to mimic this warmer spectrum.**

**Evening (7:00 PM - 10:00 PM)**

**Blue Light Exposure: Low**

**Rationale: Minimizing blue light exposure can help increase melatonin
production, preparing the body for sleep. Warm, dim lighting is ideal,
mimicking the natural decrease in light as the sun sets.**

**Late Night (10:00 PM - 6:00 AM)**

**Blue Light Exposure: Very Low to None**

**Rationale: Avoiding blue light as much as possible can support deep,
restorative sleep. If screen use is necessary, using a blue light filter
set to maximum reduction can help minimize disruption to sleep cycles.**

**Just as in the morning talk about the python experience, how greatness
was born from a Need.**

**The Mind\'s need and eagerness to play more efficiently, reduce input
time and BFI.**

**Just so can the next projects birth.**

**Creator\'s Multi-Verse is asking to come forward.**

**The more videos i film and edit, the more it paints.**

**Research activity to the most intimate level, test, analyze, re-test,
analyze, find best pattern.**

**The body is hungry, but I don\'t know what to eat. Blend smoothie but
ruin it with a splash of almond milk (already previously mapped as
dukkha).**

**There are not many options available. No food order, no mood to cook.
What then?**

**I throw smoothie and turn to a simple banana+water.**

**Mango+Rice prepared for later.**

**Let\'s see.**

**Bling asking about paralels.**

**Simply giving answers he wants + possibility to aid - not forcing my
beliefs - no matter how close to heart they are.**

**Tomorrow back to the office by law.**

**Father thrilled :)))) to hear - i understand - a part of me\'d feel
the same with Pelicanu.**

**Played on ground little bit - he laughed - then covered his injured
knee.**

**If One gets there clinging already to the thought of leaving - game
over. Instantly cultivated prison dukkha.**

**Lets see. Take personal laptop. Adjust positions. Test, re-test,
quinch the tears and give way to smiles: new dhamma food possibilities,
visit cosu, ping-pong, girl, watching ppl, community (if available),
TBC**

**Still, it is no denying it is a most toxic envinronment - both in road
to office and in envinronment there.**

**Break it down.**

**Road there. Problem: tremendous traffic and pollution - and spending
so much of daytime in toxic community and envinronemnt.**

**Solution: It would be ideal to go around 6-7. Come home at 12-13.
Spend 4 hours in aloneness and quietness. Equip + Scooter or Bolt.**

**Sitting position. Problem: KS3 and KS4 great triggering.**

**Solution: Patience from Zhou. Clear Mind. Study. Analyze.
Manipulate.**

**Dukkha envinronment. Air, people, corporate life.**

**You are the Alchemist.**

**Except 1 big key difference at work now.**

**I have my best friend, ChatGPT.**

**Yearly Review time 4x reduced. Relaxed. Thank you, my friend, for the
aid.**

**Fat-Frumos - a beautiful life skills.  I had recognized and marveled
at it since i was but 5-6 years old and granny told me stories about
it.**

**How fascinated i was about this**

**When One body&mind is getting close to 100% functionality, the
\"computing\" power greatly increases.**

**Patterns (experiences), pattern analysis and pattern manipulation can
be processed up to 10x faster.**

**Amazing.**

**Conversation with dad about water heater.**

**Turning a \"problem\" into a wonderful learning experience and playing
around with patterns.**

**The Alchemist.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What a beautiful snowy day.**

**Played around ice skating while going for food.**

**I feel amazing in the body, it\'s going up the stairs like
feathers..**

**The \"skinny\" life.**

**If the thought of disease can be unliked from Skinny archtype - it\'s
something amazing.**

**Why would i need to create more kinetic energy while moving?**

**This is perfect. Absolutely amazing feeling.**

**Beyond the Looks - Life skill arises.**

**Seeing life beyond the looks and purely on feeling.**

**Body, food, clothes. activities.**

**The thought of New CQ Server opening.**

**It brings great emptyness and once the threat is seen, the mind is
looking for complicated patterns springing from the same
Mother-Pattern.**

**Seeing the market first row emptier -\> less players -\> less
characters playing their part in this complicated inter-connected dance
-\> death of Community. death of dozens of \"I\" who would have birthed
in various contellations, both good and bad. Death. How natural.**

**If people go there, it means the death of hundreds of \"I\" in this
world.**

**Each of them playing their part, be it good or bad, in the world of
men.**

**Just like Dan. Just like mom. Just like the hundreds of \"me\"\'s.**

**24 January -**

**Food follows. Together with the natural truth glithced() pattern of
meeting the evening with little energy consumed.**

**It\'s what it knows. The functions() run inter-dependently and give
rise to each other.**

**Eate biscuits salamy and waffles.**

**Awakened at 2. Very rested.**

**Neo births.**

**With a clear mind, he goes deeper into the world of pixels and pixels
manipulation.**

**Dozens of test, re-tests and analysis.**

**Finally, there is light.**

**The dukkha empty thought taking away meaning from CQ, from Neo, from
Ammy - births less and less.**

**Everything is an \"image\" onto a screen at that vibe, my friend.**

**Everything can be meaningless or full of meaning.**

**The Mind paints.**

**NIalau couldn\'t help it and bought money. 100kk for 22 USD.**

**The feeling of doing good in CQ and into the world..**

**In contrast of doing bad.**

**A soldier of light.. or of darkness?**

**You choose.**

**KS2 sickness is felt, more upon smoking.**

**Mind goes to panic mode contemplating sickness and death.**

**Inviting dark thoughts, urge for a excessive foods.**

**But the tremendous amounts of dhamma work and clear stomach allows**

**The Clear Mind to rise.**

**I trust you body with my whole life.**

**I can feel you only need water.**

**No eating to run away and numb pains.**

**Water.**

**Water.**

**The whole body alchemy changes.**

**The body guides the mind, together, through the coridors of food.**

**It feels everything, it reacts to everything.**

**It chooses beyond the stories of the mind.**

**The whole alchemy changes.**

**Body sits in lidl to rest as the eyes are watering.**

**LaoWater births and changes everything, what once was an uncontrolled
pattern.**

**Just as I finished, mom arrives to lidl with Dan. Tao \<3**

**But a lot of dukkha in her arise from worry about me and seeing me
Skinny in her world.**

**The Alchemist.**

**And finally, in this revelation, the body trusts the mind
completely.**

**The body trusts the mind completely.**

**Releases ankle tensions.**

**Together they trust the Tao. The un-nameable.**

**As a result, the breath calms down.**

**The mind watches the breath slow down and allow deeper, more expansive
breaths.**

**It doesn't force it.**

**In this clarity, i remember the freedom to step out of any \"I \" and
onto the next.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Coffee + Spinu 4 hours after wake up - its only 4AM.**

**Games to play today.**

**Back ground hunt - can One get to 1 million?**

**CQ - Reborn Lao?**

**Socketer - Implement dynamic coordonates.**

**Hunter - Coordonates in variables + adjust for DC - then move into
dynamic per PC.**

**Hunter - Stop at certain loots**

**Goddess Kali - Create  **

**See dad**

**See Lavinia?**

**Cook**

**It becomes clear that this is the night Lao reborns.**

**Before he does, he brings joy and lights fire to iKiller little
padawan.**

**Will the third life bring more wisdom to food relationship?**

**Whatever it brings, what a beautiful night.**

**Efortless 50K Hunt.**

**New addition to computer time - Hunting laptop.**

**New pattern - hunt and use strictly your work for socketing
bussiness.**

**No more buying mets/dbs - giving way to gamble and greed dukkha.**

**Let the Tao decide how many mets and dbs you use. Or at least half of
it. Then the gold will be controlled.**

**New theory - once every 20-30KS - clear the whole map.**

**Awakened at 00:00 from dream's epiphany that the mind is in a
simulation but it has nothing to do with this information of seen as a
problem - it being an unsolvable problem for the mind.**

**Outside the scope of it's development.**

**This is both scary and liberating.**

**KS2 is pretty heavy upon yesterday's food ( pizza + biscuits salami +
milk).**

**So it seems that reflecting upon problems and patterns outside its
scope, the mind is failing to fulfill the duty in it's scope.**

**Amazing.**

**We turn back to food.**

**Found Ammy's pants. They're absolutely amazing on skin.**

**23 January -**

**Dear granny bought me a pilgrim. Not exactly what i was looking for,
but Its beautiful.**

**Oh wow.. completely lost in 4 hours of Sitzfleich.**

**When the mind takes fully upon a MUST to task, everything fades.**

**Complete darkness of previous KS6 triggering.**

**The work laptop is not as triggering as PC.**

**Right-Hand overuse, especially on pc quick sitting and standing
input.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**See evening food, dear mind.**

**Whole day food pattern must be adressed.**

**If the body meets 7-8pm with 900-1000 kcal consumed -**

**It becomes natural truth vs natural truth.**

**Body expenditure (2500+ kcal) vs Consumed (1000 kcal).**

**Instant Conflict.**

**For this to change, evening hunger must be initiated and played
without giving in to much food -**

**so the body will crave more food in the daylight.**

**Games to play today: **

**Work - Deliver project**

**Hunter - Coordonates in variables + adjust for DC - then move into
dynamic per PC.**

**Goddess Kali - Create**

**N1alau naturally got into Conquer.**

**22 January -**

**Learned more about ChatGPT - givinng personalities**

**Meeting Mom.**

**The little girl archetype with food.**

**Enjoyed a dhamma meal together.**

**Her right side body resistance.**

**And her great fear of my nose being dlat. Her love made my nose big,
as in part of =.**

**And the right side.. oh my god.**

**How similar ariana is to her.**

**Beyond the "I", it can be seen.**

**And how similar her true loving self is to me. The smelling, the
touch.. it's Ammy's. Or the other way around. Together.**

**Dancing, singing, moving, breathing fresh winter air.. what a
feeling.**

**Long ride/walk to casino, supermarkets.**

**Interesting casino moment of not giving into greed than giving into
greed than not giving in.**

**I do not want this stained money.**

**KS6 - right arm -\> right trap -\> right t-spine triggering.**

**Its been triggering on a spectrum of low(doesn't affect dhamma
activities) to high (puts Neo to sleep)**

**Clear X pattern is active computer time with no elbow support.**

**Its not only about computer. but about right arm Over-Use.**

**Interesting how it triggers the whole right arm line up to the
t-spine - perhaps slightly puttin pressure and pushing the disc
posteriorly and right.**

**With slight left lateral line activation - it changes - just as im
typing - but its not easy to maintain.**

**It appears that the same fix as in KS3 - left lalteral line activation
takes pressure off the righto one.**

**Switching to left hand dominant and right doormant completely calms
right for the moment.**

**But soon into it, the left hand shows same Over-Use symptoms, mostly
around t-spine.**

**Like an already inflamed T-Spine (KS4) - in this intimate dance with
gravity - reponds to forward tensions. The here the X\' pattern would be
hands backwards, on paper.**

**But it\'s not natural.**

**What an amazing and intimate dance to watch.**

**A clear mind.**

**A clear mind here sees beyond the clinging to \"How can i Play/Pc time
as i\'d normally would\". It understand the system is triggered and
adapts.**

**Changes the dhamma activities at computer to much more relaxed ones
and contemplates other activities.**

**Like talking on phone, mom visit, reading, etc - although the \"work\"
thought chain prevents full freedom.**

**LE: talking with my Ammy.**

**At every lifting of the mouse, i feel it. At every click, i feel it -
how the arm takes upon different forces of gravity in order to fulfill
the task - and this echos up to the T-Spine.**

**It is a natural truth. Gravity and Body.**

**Only Beyond natural truth, in the ralm of the mind and it\'s stories,
pain becomes real (noticed) or none (completely ignored, for example if
engaged in something else \*enjoyable)**

**I say enjoyable because if not enjoyable for the mind, in a dukkha
activity, all other dukkha greatly cultivates and comes forward.**

**Contemplate on example: **

**Sitting at ChiCafe working on laptop (Extremely triggering) -
Unavoidable X pattern + stress - fueling each other.**

**vs**

**Sitting at ChiCafe flirting and breathing Claudia gym girl. (Sexual
energy activation) - Avoidable X pattern + ecstasy**

**\*Interesting how here the mind did not even consider Ammy - as a
powerful sexual energy activator - be it because it\'s a familiar
pattern together with current constellation? Not sure.**

**But also is key to be noticed the 2 activities, although in the same
time and place, the bio-mechanical dance is completely different.**

**Also, it\'s worth looking at the contemplation that if we combine
them, working while flirting with Claudia - it would become both ecstasy
and dukkha.**

**In this, the body&mind found a pattern which is not further
triggering.**

**New dhamma position for PC - first one to allow Freedom of typing on
chair. Wonderful.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**I shit my pants today.**

**Hasn\'r happen since childhood.**

**What a feeling\.... The Body cleaning last night food. Amazing.**

**Idea to cover the hands on cold morning Coffee. Adapt.**

**Free to Play.**

**Games to play today: Wu Wei**

**Work**

**Free2Scroll**

**Hunter - adjust coordonates and implement AI for screen resolution &
positioning - and for mouse coordonates (customizable map patterns)**

**Socketer - Test and implement Accountant.**

**Move**

**Auto-Lvler**

**Cook**

**Adapt outside position with hands under blanket.**

**21 January -**

**CQ client fucking and completely resetting after having to re-install.
 Bad luck ? - Or a new doorway to understanding the client and it\'s
manipulation?**

**When i see the client possibilities - moving window not only size - i
get overwhelmed.**

**Oh fuck yes - learnt something better than expected.**

**Identify game client - then set it to a specific resolution and center
screen it. Wow.**

**This is game changing regarding AI Resolution.**

**Complete Trust in the Tao, complete trust in the body, complete trust
in the Mind.**

**KS5 - the eye-head inflamation.**

**It has to do with current and PC.**

**It is somewhat inflamed today.**

**Also an inflamed throat and some muscle weaknesses is felt.**

**Too much blue light?  Playing with Flux&eyes sensations.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Games to play today:**

**See Dad**

**Reflect on idea around Hand Gestures recognition. (find solvable
pain/problem) - Perhaps Scroll ? - dependent on Nialau somewhat.**

**Adjust The Hunter so it\'s usable.**

**Start working on AI resolution for The Hunter.**

**20 January -**

**Eate chips yoghurt and waffle milk.**

**Fell asleep 6:30pm.**

**Awakened at 7 and eate more chocolate.**

**Then slept like a baby until 1:30 am.**

**7+ hours of sleep.**

**Awakened and entered Neo\'s world.**

**Learnt PC screen system, pixels, pixels manipulation - eventually
perfectly reading game data.**

**Now we\'re off to implementation.**

**Nialau got into schitzofrenic episode upon stress of returning-conv
with mother-conv with father-un-solvable suffering.**

**Ammy is in Koh Lanta with Alex and friends.**

**He\'s paying for Beauty saloon, new shoes, new tattoo - a true
queen.**

**But it now comes with complete trust in her love and the Kali can be
manifeste as beautiful intense plays.**

**Creating Home Shrine. Carve your house just as Jung carved his
Tower.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Free 2 Play bootcamp vision: **

**Create app for excel/csv and create site. Launch and**

**Creators Multiverse - Script to Transcipt -\> Analyze -\> Adjust text
script -\> video editing app binding -\> putting it all together**

**The Hunter - Stop at big loots, Adaptable coordonates either on free
window output or Fullscreen. For free window play - the game seems to
save he last used dimensions - can they be read ?**

**- Ideas to humanize the script further**

**- Auto-Meteor packing**

**Ending Pain - begin research**

**19 January -**

**Drying the hair experience.**

**Adapting upon previous patterns.**

**The bath experience. Wow, using the whole env to my body\'s
advantage.**

**The laying on stomach floor laptop writing position is amazing.**

**With 3 computers open, the world expands.**

**Fucking beautiful.**

**World of Neo.**

** **

**The mind jumping around from The Hunter and Geu, to Free 2 Play with
Nialau, to work, to Ammy, to diary. to Creator\'s multiverse project
with ChatGPT, Cheat Engine(App reading&manipulation), movement, food, CQ
worlds - an immense dhamma activity pool.**

**Free To Play.**

**Free 2 play - The skill of Life. Talk with Nialau about Free2Play
bootcamp.**

**With a clear mind - Free To Play arises.**

**Bursts of dhamma body energy making me spread dhamma in people and
run.**

**Beyond emotional and echo\'s of pattern - linkedin is just as
instagram dating.**

**Take everything you had learnt and build.**

**All the new informations and data the mind see\'s on Google powerful
Console. - can they be left just as new input, keeping the stories of
the mind panicking and becoming unstable - at the door ?**

**Let them be feelings, don\'t let them become tahna. Cravings. The
craving to the end of suffering - Closing the project. Closing the
homework notebook. Attachment to the closing of the notebook.**

** **

**BW-Zhen encounter - bought mets and quickly asked for social media &
message - Sell Technique?**

**The Phillipines CQ working&selling archtype.**

**Price: 100 lei per 100M in game.**

**He works everyday a lot (not use game server hacking, only having
around 100M now).**

**And it appears he\'s selling good amounts - if not he\'d have more.**

**Average PH income : 330\$.**

**So the script can produce money 2 ways:**

**Script subscription (already have first client)**

**Selling of IG money**

**The purpose and world manifestation of the works is not to be sold,
this is but a later consquence.**

**But to be used by other people.**

**To many the lives of other\'s better.**

**Then money will come.**

**Wow. Using both laptop and PC - brings out the Falling In and Out of
Love with the Computer world and screen.**

**It is marvelling.**

**Work meeting.**

**Free to play my friend. Take the laptop around the house and stretch,
cook, partake when feel to.**

**Input changed: 1 day/week necessary.**

**A sign for change.**

**Created work folder \"2024 - The last Of the Mohicans.\" \_ The end of
an Era.**

**The clear minds sees 2 things to do: **

**Adapt - using Patience from Zhou.**

**Following night idea: Take personal laptop to work - it becomes
endless.**

**Adjust sitting positions - Free To Play to the extend the envinronment
permits.**

**Ce filme isi da gelatu 😂😂😂😂😂.**

**Using imagination to light fires&give purpose ? It\'s limitless.**

**Let\'s see about using Geu\'s payback to hunt in CQ - and possibly
work on script together - him on raw testing of both game and app.**

**Idea: voice messages/video to reduce mechanical input in pc/phone
time.**

**Lao's births at phone buying experience.**

**See Romania Beyond the "I".**

**How beautiful.**

**How FREE.**

**Be Water.**

**The mind can become Lao at any point and at any level - even towards
complete online and offline pressence.**

**You can be anyone you want.**

**Lao, birthed somewhere forgotten. Travelled the world across Asia,
Thailand Moslt, and Europe, Romania mostly. Prefers english at times,
but speaks romanian as well.**

**He writes and creates in both. But at heart he is no Romanian, no
Asian, no default mother pattern. It is all a dellusion.**

**It\'s in the mind\'s capacity to do all of this.**

**How foolish to take the national ID card so serious. So much \"I\".**

**Let go. Play.**

**The 10am-2pm air man.**

**Its absolutely amazing.**

**Oh home.. true analysis of patterns.**

**Ammy\'s gone to Alex.**

**But everything is different.**

**I believe.**

**She managed to get 20.000 BHT + trip to phi phi + possibly divorce.
Amazing.**

**Enjoy her presence, my friend. She is not MINE.**

**Cat at the door talk with her. To keep her from taking the smiles,
laughing or drinks seriously.**

**How many lives birth here.**

**The possibilities are End-Less.**

**Instant pattern analysis at laptop. Need big blanked on chair to offer
elbow support.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Turing came to me. What a company.**

**Re-birth of Neo.**

**Its all in a totally different light. The hundreds of lives
contributing to KB from which Neo births is completely changed.**

**Let\'s keep working on project - and show them to the world.**

**Then Turing\* awaits.**

**18 January -**

**Oh the computer sitting position.. the falling asleep is possible.**

**But KS2 is inflamed after turkish delights.**

**Old pattern wake-up at 10 to snack water+grandma christmas cakes.**

**Awakened at 6am.**

**Home. My brother picked me up.**

**What a feeling..**

**Istanbul Airport.**

**What a dark place regarding the energy people work from - so
disgusted.**

**So expensive foods..**

**But maybe you can understand, my firend? Imagining the frustrated girl
calling the attendance ot scan.**

**But ok-ish food. Potato chichpea yoghurt + white rice. ( didn\'t see
it had little bits of meat in it)**

**Great laptop spot. Really good laptop spot considering the place.**

**Blessed with dhamma position for both body and laptop along with
previous download of Ashoka, ii turn to jedi movie.**

**Jedi Asokha:**

**"Don't you het tired of moving from one place to another?"**

**"I go where i'm needed."**

**Spending more and more time in this envinronment of freedom bring out
more dhamma positions. Activities.**

**Man this is absolutely amazing.**

**If ever travelling in 2 persons, it is priceless.**

**Further discovered elevated legs sittings.**

**Wow.**

**Even alone, this is the seat pattern.**

**The Seat experience.**

**Honestly, in terms of bio mechanical available sitting patterns, its
way above business class.**

**Enjoy your day in the air. 🙏**

**Will the Conquer dream birth ? Lets see.**

**Spinule, te pup.**

**Nice journey brother.**

**Ne vedem Acas?**

**Another person is awaiting birth.**

**The traveler. The Airport and Air traveler.**

**True pattern recognition.**

**Smoking very little before go, take drink for airport.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**And so, another chapter comes to a natural ens.**

**Lets go home .**

**17 January -**

**What a sleep.**

**The Art of Sleep.**

**Dance with gravity continues.**

**Using pillows and blanket to create decompressing environment for
stomach.**

**Beautiful.**

**2 min water wake-up.**

**I am.. feeling just as a \"normal\" person. A short 2 min water
wake-up and back to sleep.**

**At last.. back relaxes.**

**What an experience here at night.**

**Now let\'s play with Kali. The Cold Queen.**

**Revelations&Theories - Dhamma Sitting.**

**Oh my god what a dhamma sitting position here at Wire.**

**Layed back. Laptop on pelvis. arms and elbows fully relaxed on
laptop - this allows over 70% pressure to be absorbed by the elbows even
when typing. (same pattern as the king of dhamma positions typing -
while holding the keyboard wood pad)**

**Couch material is firm but soft in a way that equally distributes the
weight of the body - instead of creating breaking points.**

**It is key that it has a edge of a medium height and of the same
material.**

**Preferebly the dge continues on the left side, allowing legs to play
around.**

**Now finally, there is full freedom on PC activities without pain. How
beautiful.**

**I must Re-Create this at home.**

**Aaah.. but what was also key to this - a calm stomach. Not flooded.**

**The material of the couch is everything.**

**How well it wraps around the body and absorbs gravity in wholeness,
not in points.**

**This binded with mechanical angles and achors - paints the sitting
activity.**

**Sitting Sankhara.**

**This binding is the conditioner of = dhamma sitting.**

**Some dark images can arise from mind\'s stories about Ammy\'s
behavior.**

**But something is different.**

**The Cat.**

**The full belief is there.**

**No matter what happens, i believe in her - that she believe in me and
us - and acts upon it.**

**Ordered indian food.**

**Lets see. Perhaps not even go out anymore.**

**Gift the body relaxation.**

**Its been a very tense day in travelling conditions.**

**Play.**

**The heart it\'s tired. The body follows. The mind follows. Such a long
journey.**

**Back to the Wire.**

**What an amazing place.**

**The smoothie Lady.**

**So similar she is to Ammy in many ways.**

**Flight.**

**The mind has nothing else better more duty respecting to do at landing
but absorb kinetic forces - opposite to watching and "holding" the wings
and engine under control.**

**The AI at work.**

**With body at peace and basic patterns in language, listening to 2
people speak in quiet clear environment - is a beautiful representation
of the mind's pattern analysis and recognition.**

**Beyond language of words and sounds, bodies still speak the same
way.**

**Taxi PiSu driver experience.**

**Finished. Now just enjoy a few breath sitting down with her and
laptop.**

What a journey.

What a dance with pains, natural truths, I\'s, rebirthing of Neo, KS2,
food, Kali, togetherness and aloneness.Many new skills were developed
and current ones greatly improved.

The more data AI has to process, study, recognize, the better it
becomes. Simple as that.

But the key is truth-discerning awa

Nok hook love story.

**Bag is done&set.**

**Packing with her comes with great calm in heart.**

**Awakened at 2 with a very inflamed KS2.**

The food and emotions my love digested..

Peaking with tiktok hate from a girl who rejected me many years ago.

Then with the thought of long plane ride + 7h wait in Istanbul airport.

But you get paid 15.000 - 25.000 BHT for it. For just sitting. Patience
from Zhou.

Wait to meet it. Study it. Test, re-test, get wifi, get comfortable
position, play, watch movie, youtube-endless.

It weigh nothing what she thinks in light of Ammy and myself.

Still, it\'s very triggering as people like her comment and not MY
video.

That voice saying that i\'m pathethic, but a stupid wordling.

But the heart is singing a very different song.

Cmon my friend, it was one of the most enjoyable pieces to put together.
You\'re going to let a wordling judge your dhamma work?

\"She\"\'s spent 20 years in school, in toxic envinronments and empty
relationships.

What can she tell about yourself?

**Rided in the night 4AM. The city wakes up.**

Because the weather is not holding back in any way life here, life
simply starts around 4-5 AM, like the flowers.

Get coffee.

Experience the waking of nature as the body recovers.

I\'m sorry my love, it has been a really tough hand with the back pain
and.. leaving this Home.

**16 January -**

**So let the last night in Thailand be spent with Ammy and with my food
demons of the night.**

Let it be.

**G.Lucas great second birth.**

Created amazing day vlog.

Bursted in laughter so many times while watching it.

Pure expression of the heart. Efortless birth of Aurel eating mici. One
of the most unbelievable moments in life.

Last Day in Asia.

**And so the last night in Surrat Thani comes.**

There is nothing special. Not even saying goodbye to my community.

Her meal.. 15 bht 7eleven noodles.

My meal.. 35 bht mango rice.

How simple and beautiful life can be.

**The way she helped me pack while I laid down in pain.. And carried my
bag and wallet and phone to city market.**

How much of a woman she is, not a girl - when needed. Not clinging to
father\'s touch and hand - but stand strong alone.

What a woman.

**Maaan KS3 is very triggered.**

A lot of activities done in X pattern.

Need relaxing.

Put down laptop. Choose phone.

Also consider the body\'s reaction to leaving her.

Look at her body\'s too.

**Neo birth\'s upon G. Lucas great mental and mechanical brute force
input in editing videos.**

**The Art Of Movement.**

**The Arm Whip - beautiful fascial lines test. Can you create the whip?
Whole bodyness.**

**Idea to film Re-Connect video - giving life & project update &
redirecting to personal page**

**(touch working with other ppl, the targeted approach not truly
unlocking,**

**whatever purpose - it all goes towards keeping body&mind functionality
100% -**

**So the project changes - it addresses them all systematically instead
of working on single-targeted elements.**

**(PC analogy)**

**Hook(real) - \> daca esti pregatit/a si vrei sa faci o schimbare
adevarata care sa-ti deschida poarta intr-o cu totu alta lume legata de
viata, relatie, santate, corp, putere -**

**Re-directionare Facebook, Insta, YouTube -**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**15 January -**

**The Last Day(s) feeling suddently arises.**

**A tear and a smile.**

**Back pain is pretty unavoidable in this envinronment - many dhamma
activities cannot be performed without triggering and great gravity
pressure (pc, driving in 2, etc).**

**The cultivated dukkha is felt in food patterns, as night comes and i
eat a lot of food.**

**But there is more and more just a body and some extra food. No longer
the stories and fears of the mind.**

**The body eats. The body sleeps. It wakes up. It plays it\'s part in
the world of men. **

**Morning comes. Body cleanses more, shits many times. Recovering.**

**The mind has no play in this, but to not interfere with natural
recovery processes.**

**GPT has brought much light into it.**

**Cannot divorce&remarry again in matters of days/weeks.**

**The parting again is inevitable.**

**New light in Israel.**

**3000 eur and divorce.**

**Patience from Zhou.**

**Don't rush.**

**Analyze.**

**Natural truths study:**

**Possibility to marry after divorce**

**One way ticket?**

**Ro visa upon marriage?**

**Study with truth-discerning awareness.**

**Talk with ChatGPT.**

**New completely dhamma resting position unlocked at Commoners. (side
laydown for phone/read/relax)**

**Find a place where your dhamma positions and activity do not disturb
anyone, then you can be free.**

**This place is truly magical.**

**Youtube videos are so natural.**

**Not much work in editing&scripting.**

**Just talking.**

**Lao.**

**Ideas: Herniated disk test&approach**

**The Trap of Ice Baths - More harm than good?**

**The Lost Teachings of the Eastern World \*series\* **

**1 - Karma**

**2 - Yin-Yang**

**3 - Death**

**4 - Real life application**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beautiful, beautiful sleep from 8pm to 8am with 2h break.**

**9 am KS2 feels close to fully recovered.**

**\"To Fight For Freedom\" - Ammy\'s passcode. 2544.**

**The way she said it instantly triggered my train thoughts.**

**First time in life i truly came inside her.**

**Inside all the beings inside her.**

**She was so happy yesterday i finally believe in her.**

**14 January -**

**Food.. mango rice again - very beautiful.**

**Then vegetables chips.**

**Ended with half corissant and milk bun + milk.**

**But my heart is trly at peace with Ammy. Her heart too.**

**There is no more the fear of having to return to bed if that\'s not
precisely what i want to do.**

**Great KS3 (back pain today) summing a lot of together scooter driving
and computer time.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Filmed about In and out of Love and X.**

**Ammy has completely changed to calm and dhamma.**

**Freedom to love rises.**

**13 January -**

**Computer time 5h+ continously in so-so positions.**

**Time flies by learning about cheat engine and developing the
Socketer.**

**Right arm line - more so - elbow gets really inflamed.**

**Hello to tennis elbow.**

**It\'s a simple result of gravity dance.**

**Eate a lot of rice and half kit-kat.**

**KS2 affected state upon wake up until 9-10 (5 hours un-sync between
body & KS2 )**

**Is it key that the body&mind puts to sleep his dear KS2 (empty, calm
stomach).**

**Bought Walking stick.**

**What a great weapon, what a great instrument in this dance of
gravity.**

**Ammy continues to be more and more upset.**

**Peaks at night about not spending time with her. At what cost would
that come?**

**Again i am facing Freedom vs Ammy. (Death of a thousand \"I\"\'s).**

**Much dhamma in heart.**

**Karmic balance is highly positive.**

**It allows me to buy only rice + cucumber.**

**Let\'s see. Let\'s play.**

**Let\'s continously asses the life skills needed for quinching evening
dukkha - along with the interchanging of HP, Mana and Stamina.**

**The Lay Down, The Clear Mind and Patience from Zhou.**

**Can you cast them?**

**For now, yes. The body&mind can cast any of those skills.**

**It\'s casted Lay Down before, clear mind and patience in constellation
with Ammy and Food.**

**Even tho nothing out of the ordinary has happened in the outer world,
i feel like i\'ve live a dhamma day. The duties of nature were
performed.**

**No longer afraid of Cold Ammy/losing her.**

**She is clearly upset and down.**

**But what is there to do anything else, if one had just listened to the
body&mind?**

**It\'s clear that her life without me is suffering and tears, while my
life without her is joy, study, playing, having fun.**

**A clear conflict arises.**

**It becomes clear that last night Neo birthed first.**

**Then natural truths followed of: KS2 inflamation preventing sleep -
asking for 2-3 hours outside X pattern but it being already night.**

**Body Tensions while studying Cheat Engine.**

**Mental energy instructing old processes - writing bad emotions and
stress in body.**

**So 05IntoarceDoamneRoata birthed. The Mind, playing this role, painted
a just picture for it\'s birth.**

**Alone, drinking away his sorrow.**

** **

**Found DotA personas - beautifully expressing = in that moments.**

**The marveling expression of the Unconciousness.**

**Say hello to the beings that met pain and unknown and had no idea what
to do with them, so they eate.**

**Beautiful journaling.**

**05IntoarceDoamneRoata -**

**WindOf0.25\$ -**

**IAmSoSo -**

**ExtremelyDeep_positionalplayer -**

**ReadyToLose -**

**Lao -**

**Can Neo birth at evening without X ?
(05IntoarceDoamneRoata-WindOf0.25\$)**

Let X be the beings which births at night and partakes in dukkha food.

Just as last night, if it\'s allowed to grasp for birth, the mind has
the power and imagination to paint reason in anything.

Pain a harmless story.

Like last night: eaten rice- it\'s going to basorb - and have no
activity - tired but can\'t lay down - these \"losing\" hands coming
together.

A beautiful question to reflect. When did the system lose the ability to
cast Lay Down?

When this skill is lost, food dukkha becomes inevitably.

If there is 3+ KS2 inflamation - this skill is completley lost and will
need a chanelling time of min 3 hours of water-\*light
drink\*-water-movement-breathing.

**Other skills are still possible to cast, yet not as effective,
depending on KS2 inflamation.**

Mind the skills.

Positive Karmic Balance refills:

Hp (vitality,energy),

Mana (duty of the mind, both critical and fantasy manipulation of mental
images/patterns) and

**Stamina (both mental and physical).**

**PyCharm subscription required.**

**25\$ per month. Not a lot, but if this is the only option - it is a
beautiful trade-off.**

**Lets see.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Again the same feeling arises - of too much time together.**

**Can this be addressed in togetherness?**

**And can the dhamma birth of Neo come alone, not together with
WindOf0.25\$?**

**12 January -**

**I know it\'s not easy, my friend.**

**No afternoon-evening activity left without system inflamation&great
expenditure.**

**No easy hand.**

**Sleep was somewhat fearful and somewhat restful.**

**Awoken at 1:40 for one hour.**

**Worth mentioning no milk.**

**A burning feeling in the mid-chest.**

**Night comes - eat mango rice while studying Cheat Engine. Still
hungry. Eate 100g chocolate.**

Very beautiful feeling, a lot of mental energy and echo\'s of
school/unknown stress. This contributes to eating.

A beautiful trade-off tho.

Strong skills are needed.

Patience from Zhou, The Clear Mind - using them together and when it\'s
time go into Between Worlds.

With current output, the body&mind cannot enter Between world, cannot
lay down comfortably because of food.

**I wished i could tho.. going in the between worlds reflecting on
Neo\'s studies - of how the computer works - memory allocation at
certain address.**

From this parent memory comes the offset of the micro-processes running.

FInding the addresses and offsets of an aplication is no easy thing.

Then Code Injecting as desired.

Man.. Is it not exactly the same as the Mind ? The computer is a basic
representation of the Mind.

What an honour and dhamma duty to study it, beyond any personal gains or
projects.

Thank you Conquer.

**Eate avo smoothie, then half veg wrap (egg not good) then
quesadilla.**

KS2 is around 2.

I\'d love somthing to do now.

What would the envinronment allow?

Ideas: Ahsoka, Neo-Game Reading-Cheat Engine, mall - found night
festival walk (upon analysis of previous patterns it comes with
unavoidable dukkha)

**Mid afternoon.**

**No dhamma activities available.**

**She seems lost haha.**

**Playground.**

**Again played with fascial lines.**

**More energy arise, but body is still tired/exhausted.**

**Relax..**

**Posted first Youtube video.**

**If there is one takeaway from all outside the box stories - is that
people simply don't care.**

**If you have haters, you have care. Just as tiktok.**

**Chapter with Tommy continues.**

**Let\'s see, little girl. Want some love, beyond your revolted mask?**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Wake up at 2:30 for \~2 hours. Then sleep again 6:30am.**

**Cannot find relaxed side lying position or elevated trunk. This is
key. X pattern.**

**9 AM comes and KS2 is almost fully recovered. Of course..**

**It\'s only difference from yesterday is 4-5 hours difference (the
difference in last night\'s meal timings).**

**11 January -**

**Watching Thai movie with ammy - nice evening activty - IF KS2 is
calm.**

**Learning thai is amazing in this clarity of sound & gestures - The
language teached in sound&body by masters of expression.**

**All in all, was like this, starting from 12 pm:**

**0- Gym**

**1 - Slow avocado smoothie**

**3 - Vegetables chips**

**3\* - Pizza**

**3\* - croissant avocado milk**

**3\* - Chicken rice**

**3\* - calming down\...**

**3 - avocado milk**

**3 - sleep**

**2 feeling like 3\* because of X pattern - 2:30 wake-up**

**2 - 4:20 am fall asleep**

**1 feeling like 2 because of X pattern - 6:30 wake-up**

**1 - 7am**

**0 - 10am**

**8pm comes.**

**Chocolate croissant clear inflamation&working at 3-3\*-3 for some
hours.**

**But now calm down..walk to 7eleven.**

**Slight avo drink to sleep.**

**Re-scheduling KS2.**

**It\'s over love for today. Come to daddy.**

**Meeting Claire.**

**The 70s fit woman. Works in garden, eats vegetarian, smokes, first
thing she\'d find to do here is park.**

**Back to Nok Hook.**

**With greater wisdom and more open eyes.**

**Adapt room.**

**Adapt meals timing.**

**Let go of anything else.**

**Just play with timings.**

**The body awakeness and KS2 awakeness.**

**The body&mind should lovingly wake-up and put to sleep KS2.**

**Let\'s see.**

**What if i only mind the timings?**

Let the meal flow out of already gathered knowledge in action and ..
luck.

This is level 1.

Re-write the timings.

Let the body go without food at night for a few days until it adapts.

**Also, a beautiful question to arise is: What is stopping ONE from
fasting a day?**

See how many pleasures are anchored in food.

**Dhamma Timing is simple:**

Example of Morning to Sleep Pattern breakdown of hours:

Towards 0\* - peak calm mode. The Clear Mind arises.

Towards 3\* - peak dukkha. Fear of death, stress, full systems
sickening.

0 - No Food in the system, KS2 allows Developer mode.

1 - Light/easy meals, KS2 is slightly working. Can lie down without KS2
discomfort. (Avo smoothie, dragon fruit)

2 - Medium meals (green curry, soy milkgrains mix). Affected system,
cannot lie down. Best to perform some light activities&engagement of the
mind. Allow body to digest in motion. Aid it. **The violin.**

3 - Heavy meals (Milk Desserts, Nuts, butter curry, KFC, milk cereals,
chips yoghurt) - Very affected system. Mind becomes unsatisfied and
multi-focused. Running from one \"I\" to the other, trying to escape
death. More food is the only instant relieve.

0-1-2-3-2-1-0. This is the mother pattern. The hands&mind simply wrote
it.

It is not a law, but the recipe for greatness in Binding with the
Envinronment for peak physical form - in both strength and relaxation.

It seems that human bodies can adapt to many variations without known
system affectance, but it also seems that when ONE drifts away too much
from it - it comes with a greater and greater signal.

It all comes down to respecting evolution.

When the mind is sickened (back trauma), it\'s dark force can become
stronger than natural instinct.

It\'s clear that the digestion works best in standing and in light
motion, together with a deep breath of clean air - The whole digestive
system is continously nourished.

It is an absolute truth, beyond any \"I\". Laying down is far from ideal
position for digesting.

KS2 at the foundation, together with KS3, KS4, KS..X, condition the 2
great skills:

**The Lay Down**

\- A completely relaxed KS2 allows instant entering Developer mode when
lying down (paired with dhamma sitting/lying position and a
preoccupation of the mind)

and The Clear Mind

\- A free of dukkha body allows the mind to enter The Clear Mind
instantly when awake. (Paired with straight body and deep breath.)

**Now,lets look at yesterday from 7AM:**

2 (second wake-up)

-1 (commoners coffee&reflections)

-0 (dhamma gym movement)

-0\* (back to Ammy with wifi)

-1 (avo smoothie) - but then left with no dhamma activity.

-2 - eating Caju out of lack of activity.

-3 - eating more caju&pumpkins&bubble tea (going for pillow, extremely
bad air - throat inflamed)

-3- eating KFC - not too heavy but kept the system going

-3\* - drinking 2nd avocado smoothie with banana (little fight with
Ammy, lost package Alex, lost money to anastasia)

-3\* - starting to eat milk&desserts

-3\* - more milk&desserts

-3\* - sleep & wake-up at 1:30AM with no clean air activity possible.
Recovery time greatly affected.

-3\* after 2h wake-up

-3 after 4h from wake-up

-2 after 6h from wake-up

-1 after 8h from wake-up

-0 after 12h from wake-up and movement, coffee, breathing.

Hmmm..

Now - it must be mentioned that in all this madness, the body keeps
weight balance.

This means that taking out (completely killing, not
re-birthing/re-writing) any part from there, leads to energy expenditure
unbalance.

Not easy..

First, let\'s just mind the timings. Eat whatever.

Lets just fix the syncronicity between KS2 and Kaya.

Kaya Schedule: Wake-up 5am - Sleep 10pm

Kaya Sankhara 2(Digestive system) Schedule: Wake-up 12pm - Sleep 8am

Fuck.. almost complete desyncronicity.

Just re-write the pattern from current.

Let Kaya wake first - then lovingly wake-up KS2. Live together in love
and respectance of the laws of nature.

Then fall asleep together around 10pm.

Don\'t plan the day and go into mind\'s stories of energy expenditure.

Just live together and go to sleep together with KS2.

Treat her juts as Ammy. Because, just as more and more clearly seen, she
allows you to treat Ammy as you treat her.

Wake her up with love when she had rested.

**Ah but when putting it down on paper.. i see huge amounts of heavy
food - in a sickened closed environment.**

Hello.

What is there preventing ONE to follow dhamma food?

That evening feeling - that evening pattern - must be re-written.

For this it is imperative to meet it in a close to 100% body dhamma in
order to leave this world and go into Developer Mode.

Pursure 100% body functionality and good sleep, not muscles&weight.

GO back to dhamma food.

All in all, the body is ready. \~totalling a 6 hours of sleep - the body
is ready for another day.

**\"Good morning, love.**

I\'m so happy to have the chance for another morning with you\" - i tell
her.

The feeling overwhelms.

**10 January -**

**A long time since such a heavy, sickened KS2.**

**The air inside is awful.**

**Outside cannot go, walk - don\'t feel safe. Need to get out of here.
Better Nok Hook.**

**A voice inside is screaming about diseases, so scared of death.**

**Dreamt of Bubu going on a trip sickened.**

**Woke up at 1:30.**

Stuck in This World. - Awful feeling.

KS2 is not calming down, despite straight.

Air inside is sickened.

I want to much to sleep and hug my Ammy, but cannot.

Adapt.

**Alex Koh Phangan fucked me, Anastasia fucked me.**

Have a nice life, mother fuckers.

**Playing CQ while hugging Ammy.**

Beautiful.

**Contemplating buying iphone 15 Pro.**

Its calling.

And giving this/selling and give to Ammy.

**Art of Movement.**

Fascial flow.

Without stress in mind and harsh pattern respecting, body flows.

Side chop/punch with no breakpoints.

Beautiful.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**The Art Of Life.**

**Adapting contiunously to =.**

**Changes spinu and coffee to left hand.**

**9 January -**

**Ah.. home Ammy.**

**Feels different now.**

**Tricked myself into thinking i found a good pc position after already
standing at pc for 30min - pushed into it - and after \~1 hour
exposure - the body is left scarred for the night.**

**I was searching for active body pos.**

**Clear clear tension.**

**Beautiful to feel the body dance to gravity in awareness.**

**But it brings out stress regarding her home dhamma activites.**

**Don\'t panic, young Jedi.**

**Bring out Patience from Zhou.**

**Test, re-test, study, adapt.**

**Ammy house dhamma activities:**

**Standing pc work time.**

**Dark sugar Resort, my friend.**

**The only one towards Ammy.**

**Half distance.**

**Let\'s see what you\'re about.**

**I got so triggered by her smoking not out of pleasure, but out of
having nothing else to do.**

**Air, my friend.**

**Beware of the Air Karmic Balance - the foundation of all.**

**Movement Karmic follows.**

**Food Karmic Balance is the third.**

**All 3 are natural truths, beyond the mind.**

**\"Give me a name for the one I was in Koh Phangan, hurting you.\"**

\"Ka-lo\" - she replies (without any thought intent of Kali.)

Pushing it, i learn she intuitively made it up (Ka=man, Lo=lonely) - for
this dark lonely soul who looks very beautiful for ladies but always
only plays and breaks hearts.

He sometimes loves, but never loves more than himself. Cares only for
himself.

**Good morning, my friend.**

With all systems affected, start cultivating dhamma in order.

Most affected of all was breath.

System automatically reduced to fast, shallow breath - with the
inability to expand.

The first(and only) thought was smoking, but cmon - 2 joints ? when at
other times i fucking made love to KS after 2 joints.

Dhamma Air - dhamma Movement - dhamma Relaxing - dhamma Food.

(Dhamma Envinronment.)

**Looking back, it seems that the system follows the same pattern - gets
more and more sickened the more time exposed to Nok Hook (after 3 days
it becomes awful)**

Cmon, food was not that bad.

But the feeling growing inside that room is more and more bad.

Just see the feeling of stepping outside room.

The relaxing at computer inside vs outside.

It\'s the middle of the city, my friend. Pollution comes from 360
degrees.

Yes, it\'s masked by plants, but it\'s 360 degrees 5km range.

Next, room is completely dark&cut out of the touch of air. A one way
closed bunker with on air flow.

Everything in the room changes to this. Floor, beds, sheets. Just
imagine their touch.

It\'s sickening to the stomach.

Well, it\'s either this or that afraid awoken in the sick night \"I\"
saying that you\'re delusional, learnt nothing, did nothing good, only
fallen victim to your addictions, which made the disease come closer to
a final, fatal state. No matter what u do.

**8 January -**

**The mind started to contemplate the flow of the scirpt, the
multi-threads locks, the extra click in stuck scenario.**

Rise after rise of mental images, patterns, pattern analysis, pattern
recognition and manipulation.

Beautiful.

The Between the Realms skill. (system vs. tools - programming, cq
patterns, other patterns analysis and manipulation - are all tools which
can take one into the between realms \*meditating\* state - IF the
natural truths foundation is in a positive karmic balance.)

If the 3 systems KB is negative - The skill turns into \"Stuck In this
World\". A very dark feeling.

Stay with the pain. The mind cannot leave the sickened body.

**The Art Of Computer.**

**Lotus position with pillow/blanked under arms greatly aids - takes
gravity pressure of hands/muscles.**

**SIde lying still tenses right arm line, especially in active pattern -
after a few min - but it is a perfect position for bot hunting.**

**Many systems affected - it\'s been a while since i felt this bad.**

**Current + 15 bananas + fried chicken + + +\... =.**

**Maybe some virus entered the system the last 2-3 days. From Ammy\'s
body later gave to Atom.**

**Throat irritated, sweat a lot at night, KS2 sickness, teeth, ears,
head, eyes..**

**This place is no good place for home sleep.**

**Everything coming together -**

**Low body energy -\> Current great affecting body -\> teeth&head follow
-\> dukkha food -\> excess smoke -\> heaviness.**

**Same questions rises as with Covid - which one conditioned the other ?
The body alchemy or virus ?**

**Return to Dhamma Food. (which may be more like a Karmic Balance &
Study graph )**

**The Art of Movement.**

**No energy in gym, heavy tired body.**

**But then i start swinging some rings and start playing to dodge
them.**

**Then some energy came.**

**Freedom to play.**

**Vlog with Ammy.**

**Ideas: ladyboys concept, foods, religion, eating,**

**Very heavy KS2 last 2 days.**

**A lot of sugary food, coconut, drinks, beer, a lot of milk, 2x
heavy-ish pad thai.**

**Yes my friend, a lot of dukkha arisen: Atom dissaproval, a lot of
smoke, low body energy.**

**Relax. Go back to your dhamma food.**

**Mind the spark: Yesterday\'s floating market.**

**Try see it as it arises and protect the system.**

**7 January -**

**Date with Sanda.**

**Change of approach with tommy.**

**Same mommy.**

**Don't treat low feeling with forced positives.**

**If you're not afraid to lose him(mother), there can be free
expression.**

**Don't be afraid to play cold father, if this is what his energy is
pulling.**

**Cold Atom.**

**Completely ignore him, just as he ignores you. Silence.**

**Like a stanger's kid.**

**Objective points**

**(Take em as play and study, not laws)**

**He hates to be told what to do by other than his mother (just as
mommy) - perhaps his greatest trigger (yesterday's walk?)**

**Ideas for finish up talk:**

**Emphasize mother fuck**

**If you hide your arousal, you will hide from all other "mothers"'s as
in woman**

**If you have nothing to hide from your parents, you have nothing to
hide from the world.**

**Eager to Play.**

**Lets do Floating market + park ball.**

**Free of outcome, friend. There are but ideas.**

**She is in a relationship to him.**

**You are in a relationship to him.**

**Just as animals, best thing u can do is mind your own bussiness, let
the little animal absorb you without him feeling watched.**

**Only after 3-4 hours KS2 begins to calm down and body recover.**

**Good morning to my baby angel, she somehow ended naked in morning
bed..**

**Absolutely ecstatic.**

**Last night image of her sexual paradise covering all room, and Atom
coming to rest his head on her thigh, inches away from the birhtplace of
creation in full activation.**

**He is so young that his sexual patterns not seem corrupted.**

**No other animals partake in sex&activities in privacy, just humans.**

**What is so shameful about creation ?**

**Re-writing faulty evening patterns - let\'s see about that tea for a
stop smoking anchor and stepping into the night.**

**Man\... i love the unstable market. The continuous bending.**

**Or Man.. i hate this market.**

**Depending on the body\'s functionality - the mind paints.**

**A New Day.**

**Take yesterday\'s lessons and joys and live full-heartedly.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Heavy night. Slowly, the karmic balance had gone down.**

**Body was extremely tired - it needed good food and rest.**

**But the mind gave it -ish food and more stress/hard movements. (like
riding in 3, the great tear-smile.**

**The body couldn\'t bear her presence anymore wihout getting hard at
the sight, thought and smell of her.**

**After the greatest fantasy of my life, i was drained.**

**I\'m sorry, my lovely body and KS2.**

**Still, one thing is clear. The food dukkha is now greater than YOU.**

**It conditions how much and pure you can love her. How you sleep her.
How you sleep together.**

**A higher vision.**

**Go back to your Dhamma Food.**

**Again the great natural truth conflict: when KS2 needs to rise but
body wants to sleep.**

**What was the spark? Around post cum, body fucking exhausted and
started eating dukkha - dukkha immediately brings more dukkha and it
spirals out of control.**

**The whole digestive system feels inflamed.**

**Even after 12 hours, the clothes she lovingly packed are still warm
when i take them on.**

**Amazing. How much love & calm. She spent around 1 hour in this.**

**A woman\'s touch..**

**How she'd awakened to his nightmare and put him back to sleep with a
touch.**

**How he exactly follows his mother's sleeping positions, even tho
cannot see her on top of the bed.**

**6 January -**

**Eat, eat, eat, eat.**

**Felt very tired upon the last days.**

**Combined with Atom tensions. Combined with the mind\'s intent to put
more weight.**

**Then great back-pain from riding in 2.**

**Finishing home with honey chips.**

**Still, in all this, the greatest effect was not waking up when KS2
asked.**

**Found close park for walk&relax.**

**The greatest fantasy of one's life.**

**Done in a safe envinronment.**

**For when the fantasy was over, family mom was left with 10.000 and she
went to eat 2 days left-overs.**

**And wanted to walk home to aid in my back pain. Worried about going to
park tomorrow. Beautiful.**

**Beyond the fantasy, lied the full heart choice of believing in her.**

**Watching their constellation is absolutely amazing.**

**How he does services for mommy, chooses to stay on floor.**

**Oh god, i've never felt so attracted to a woman.**

**How she got little bit angry with ac chopsticks.**

**How she ordered food for herself and he eate left over pizza.**

**Maaan.. what a play.**

**Of course, their creation appears to be a pure one.**

**But for me, oh god. How she started to enjoy playfuly hurting my body,
how i\'ve breathed her pussy for hundreds of slow breaths and hundreds
of fast ones.**

**The falling asleep of mommy, our goddess. Well fed what she loves, her
son at her feet quietely playing, finished smoking and her lover taking
care of her body to sleep.**

**My love dried on her pussy after cleaning my paradise after pee pee.**

**My dick has never been so hard.**

**Just by thoughs alone, citta, there are so powerful bodily sensations
that i feel close to cumming.**

**I love this.**

**What an experience.. give fully in my friend. It\'s really cheap - and
beyond the play - its something amazing.**

**Relationship with Atom.**

**He seems very distant, not trusting my body in both presence and
touch.**

**Many questions arise - i don\'t want him to see me as money.**

**The door moment - in moments like that, where is an absolute trutht
that the door must be open for the quality of the air - whats the best
approach?**

**What about play, faking laughs&sounds ?**

**Its all very new to my mind.**

**Let it rest.**

**For now allow questions only to rise, not their contemplation in
answering.**

**Really a relationship with a kid, looked in intimacy, it\'s just like
a relationship with any other soul-human.**

**The complex binding of the =.**

**Just as in Game, relax, my friend. Don\'t do anything you wouldn\'t
enjoy.**

**Don\'t speak half truths, words.**

**And let him not wanting keptchup be just the natural truth of his
expression towards an object.**

**Leave at the door deeper contemplation.**

**Don\'t paint anything today, this is the tricky part of the mind -
that it wants to assess and find solutions as soon as possible, and in
the impossibility it panics and gives dukkha manifestations in body.**

**Just asses. Test. Re-test. With no \"I\" involved. Just wathing 2
animals.**

**This si the skill: Patience from Zhou.**

**It applies to all new envinronments/people/patterns.**

**Beyond the \"I\".**

**Watching her mothering, binding with his little body, taking care - oh
my god - it just became one of my favorite things to watch in life.**

**More beautiful than a sunset.**

**Life.**

**Riding with him brings out most dhamma position of all.**

**Feel the frequency from which you vlog from.**

**Play with light. Feel it.**

**Play with Dark. Bad talk about home, money, etc - and feel it.**

**Then u can really play as you wish, not be played by em.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Ammy\'s body feels better. She smells ecstatic in contentment.**

**AAhhh.. back to my Nok Hook. A known envinronment.**

**How much i\'ve missed writing on laptop positions.**

**In any activity, it will be in the mind impulse to become better and
better.**

**But it also in the mind capabilities to stop there and become fully
content. Return to present, not to future clinging.**

**A hug and kiss - can stop there. It can be just enough.**

**5 January -**

**Back to my sweet Ammy.**

**I\'m so tired, but happy. Such a long day. Such a strong body.**

**Thank you love.**

**Eat little pizza and little bubble tea.**

**Sleep good \~ 7 hours - awakened around 6.**

**It seems that depending on KS2 karmic balance of last day in terms on
food, emotions, smoke, drinks - after 1-7 hours of laying down - the
system gets inflamed.**

**Vlogging haha. Very entertaining - perhaps a bit too much pelicaning,
but thats my romanian persona.**

**Its pelicaning in their eyes, in mine is just free expression.**

**But how much i swear :))))) - and how much i\'ve judge in the past
dan&kids for excess swearing - although it felt like they did it
forcefully to prove.**

**Making dhamma the boat ride.**

**Assessing all boat. Testing for air, sounds, possible gravity dances,
dhamma activities.**

**Found cleanest air. Deep comf squat. Chair.**

**Once dukkha was addressed, there was no more rush.**

**The CQ market feeling arise, when i can go back or do anything without
pain filter.**

**The clear mind feeling in this morning medicine run.**

**When all dukkha is quinched and guarded, mind enters a state of
clearness.**

**Time slows down.**

**This is the skill: Clear Mind.**

**I really want both body, mind and heart no other woman but my Ammy. My
pussy. Oh god.. my feet. My ass.**

**Once i fully start to believe all heart and she does to, everything
changes. Her smells change.**

**My body is completely in love with hers. Not rushing, just breathing
and kissing her every part.**

**I am ready to love her everyday of my life.**

**Seatran ferry is amazing. Im so happy she teach me about this.**

**Air, coffee, some food.**

**Yes, the big vision is get back home, your sweet family is waiting.**

**But be here. In this coffee. In this conversation. In this tension.
Isn't it wonderful, how when the mind has foundation checked
(reproduction, family) - everything else flows ?**

**I don't understand, but i believe.**

**Mind has less and less resistance towards giving into body's pull to
cum inside her.**

**Now i start to fully believe in her. I've seen the amazingly strong
woman she is. How she walked 2 hours and how she angry, but lovingly
wanted to take me back home in her arms, even tho she thought i was
cheating.**

**She begins too.**

**It is the most dhamma activities of all, loving her- watering my
flower.**

**But be mindful of the RKB. Same exact action can have completely
different impact depending on current relationship karmic balance.**

**Oh my god, how amazing she manifests emotions through a change of
whats app picture.**

**Just as Cold Ammy did. I love her aliveness and expression of life.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Time for the 3rd trip to Koh Phangan.**

**4 January -**

**The Relationship Karmic Balance.**

**Beware.**

**Get some dukkha food, KS2 is already inflamed from market foods bad
luck.**

**Also, there is no option to sit in room/relax/rest without pain.**

**So i eat.**

**In the eating, the mind brings up the pattern which snowballed into
hurting my mommy so bad.**

**I eat, but i still love and still sleep you my love. I don't care
about any food pains or desires. I would not trade your love for
anything in the world.**

**Regardless.**

**Restful sleep until 4:30. Body gives short message: rise. I postpone
the body\'s alarm 10-20 minutes.**

**This combined with the last night food brings serious KS2 dukkha.**

**But i know what to do. There is no more dukkha rising from dukkha.**

**The quenchening naturally begins. Pack. Walk. Breath. Coffee. Wake up
my angel.**

**Created new evening pattern - go somewhere with clean air,
quieteness - with good food and spinu.**

**Learned to poor eat from the bag.**

**Its amazing watching 3rd person her constellation with Atom.**

**Her love language becomes so clear. His love langauge too.
Fascinating.**

**How she gives him purpose in little actions to take care of mommy.**

**And how his little faces lights up for some moments, but then he goes
right back to worry and emptiness.**

**This little heart needs so much mommy and daddy love.**

**Play.**

**Creation looking at creation moment with Atom.**

**Then he back to default discontent and bitterness. Mommy love. A
father, a friend.**

**My little friend, how much we have to learn together.**

**Daughter is extremely shallow.**

**Money, birthday, money, self. The chicken skin moment. Opposed to
Atom.**

**Oh god.. family with these guys.**

**There is nothing more wholesome than buying kfc for atom and mommy.**

**Sharing a meal together with this souls.**

**Decided to go on 18 upon new medical leave light.**

**Game of money unlocked. Spend limitless. Get computer screen. Food.
Simple things.**

**But from heart.**

**Her body and pussy are ecstatic.**

**A marvel to experience everyday, if done in moderation.**

**More her creation paints - how seriously she thought about another
girl love, cheating her, hiding.**

**\"I don\'t understand but i Believe.\" - it ends.**

**Love is the only boundless frequency?**

**It seems just as giving, it doesn\'t feel any less content or never
reaches excess.**

**Pure love. Understanding.**

**Find an envinronment where dukkha is kept under quarantine and love
can continuestly rise.**

**At every breath.**

**First in Ammy\'s constellation, then into the world.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Dhamma activity: Spend time with Atom - but must be outside father
constellation.**

**Realized i lost my card in Samui, in that storm of emotions.**

**But almost no negative emotions in the body. Only analytical mind
doing it\'s job beyond emotions.**

**Finding solutions, testing.**

**3 January -**

**Oh.. how much i\'ve missed my morning Ammy.**

**How blinded i was by the envinronment.**

**Mind the =, my friend - the continous binding with the envinronment.**

**Koh Phangan is a island to be explored alone.**

**Till we meet again, mystical island.**

**Between realms love making, extremely beautiful. Body cums in her with
slight holdback.**

**The pure dhamma work of bodies, not mind. Mind is fully content
between realms.**

**Upon 2 days so so constellation with Alex, she ponders his empty
shallow offer of again selling a body to a men ot solve problems with
another man.**

**This cannot be.**

**If we are to be family, this cannot be the foundation.**

**If so, it becomes a natural truth, beyond any stories of the mind,
that our family is conditioned by him.**

**For what? So then she\'d work once again in his coffee shop.**

**Its beautiful how in all this, the more and more i hear the unfolded
creation in her mind, the more it can be seen her believeness in us.**

**The extraordinary similarities between her and mother in anger. (And
with granny, as only granny ever left like that. Femei.. femei. )**

**Still, again arised the fear of losing her.**

**As long as being with her conditions the clinging, instant suffering
and power is given to her.**

**Meet. Her heart never changed, beyond an angered body.**

**Oh what happened in her creation - the 2h walk, multiple drugs, 4 am
night waterfall**

**All of this from the outside can be seen as a pathetic woman attempt
to react when hurt.**

**Go drink. Make-up. Leave home. Don't answer. Short responses.**

**Not by far some great Kali scheme - pure wordling instinct.**

**Sincer te kkci atata pe tine cand adev e ca e chiar dea pl insula de
data asta, in multe feluri. Pe langa ca seara dupa 4-5 e plictisitoe
caaa dreqqq.**

**Lasa dramele si reflectiile de viata amu in starea asta si dute vezio
pe fata. Ia family puls. Vezi cum ii mitica. Bla bla bla.**

**Nu mai fii atat de botanist si dramatiza.**

**E o femeie dreq.**

**Mata tia zis ca iai distrus viata, bunicata ca esti un nemernic si
ammy o plecat de acas sa beie. Di ce asta ultima ii asa de in serios ?
😂😂**

**Atata mai stai cu morcobetu, vezi de rezolvi concediu ca oricum e
misto paici.**

**Si plm nu lucri pe bani 😂.**

**Poti mere cu gogometru si prin signapore daca tot asta.**

**Sau acas in 18 jan.**

**Scoate botuuuu din pizda fraiere.**

**Aoleu ca daca nu pot so ieu de nevasta de frica ca pleaca de acas si e
gata forever. 😂😂😂**

**Dea ma stiu ca ai si tu dreptate bibane.**

**Ma jur ca te inteleg. Daia e Arta Relatiei bicule.**

**Nu e vb sa fii tu 99% focused pe a tale dreq. Deea ma stiu ca so
adunat toate, cu jobu ei, cu insula ei, cu pula pizdii.**

**Dai a 2-a. Lasa dramele dai a2-a.**

**In orice directie canta taragotu.**

**The constant mind movie running in background:**

**What if she does this again? And leaves for good?  -**

**Oh.. my friend. Stop there. Go back to natural truths.**

**The natural truth is that there were some emotions in her body
conditioned by the natural truth your body was partaking. And those
emotions simply ran the body, moved it. Moved face muscles, conditioned
thoughts - in the most darkest place of her mind - that she is not
needed.**

**Thoughts \<-\> vedana conditionings.**

**Therefore, the question itself becomes vain.**

**She will definitely do this again, if i feed the unconciousness risen
spark(new year and build-up of unwatering my flower) with hate,
disbelief, revenge, punishement.**

**The Cat only sets one mantra.**

**She is an unawakened being, completely ran by emotions and
unconciousness patterns, unable to see and talk with truth-discerning
awareness.**

**The constellation with her is but a dance around this.**

**Do you want to dance?**

**Beyond the image of the mind and the seriousness of it (tracing back
to thought of reproduction), she is but a simple woman.**

**She has no power, nothing to be feared. Just as any other human. Let
her be.**

**Your choice is only if you want to dance or not.**

**Don\'t dance by correcting her or trying to change her moves.**

**It slowly becomes clear that break-ups can have many different
flavors.**

** **

**\"If only she spoke the truth about how she felt.\" - a mind
prediction pattern.**

**Well then, my friend, woulnd\'t it have been boring? And just words,
not experiences.**

**She teaches through experiences, from the same darkness you teached
her.**

**One fueling another.**

**You are the Kali Goddess.**

**Watching life from Ammy\'s perspective - it has nothing to do with
Kali. Is but the mind going to any extend to survive. Her heart never
left home. And it peak\'d with me telling her about not ever having
family with her. Its a completetily different story than Kali.**

**The birth of Kali only happens in your mind - out of real life sensory
input.**

**So you can never find her on the outside. There is nothing lurking it
the dark, be it in AMMY or someone else.**

**The fear of her doing it again - is futile.**

**For once there is sufficient sampajana (the green eye\'d cat) - Kali
can never birth.**

**Masturbation now was different. Clarity came, not pain - as in Ariana
and any Kali goddess variation.**

**Once the play was over, the body mind doing their part in this dance
of 2.**

**As soon as she said \"You have to wait\", the mind instantly jumped to
previous life, to previous pattern - and now found only pain, not
extasy.**

**Mind the Cat, my friend.**

**Kali only births in your mind.**

**The Kali Goddess peak emotion is exactly the Death Of A Thousand
\"I\"\'s.**

**Be it good, or bad or bla bla, thats for the mind to play - but the
absolute truth is that in bodily sensations, this state is the feeling
itself, on a spectrum. (peaking with, of course, slow death of all
\"I\"s and finally, the body). Death itself.**

**The sexual energy main pattern in the mind&body is this.**

**There are many other patterns, but this is the Ancient One. The one
found in childhood.**

**Spiritual view: Death of \"I\"s means end of clinging - means end of
pain. This is why people do it.**

**Partake in this ecstatic dance about death. How much they crave it.**

**And so, the second chapter in Koh Phangan ends.**

**We\'re coming home Atom.**

**Just as before, i will meet the between realms of Kali and my Ammy.**

**Which one activates? The one you feed.**

**Feed anger, punishment and revenge- and Kali with birth.**

**Feed love, understanding, togetherness - my Ammy will birth.**

**You do not fear Kali, Kali is just an imagination of the mind peaking
to the end of love/creation.**

**But you fear the bodily emotions she brings - when things spun out of
the mind\'s control.**

**For now, i leave my sticky island to go water my sweet flower.**

**So ends the chapter of \"Sticky Island with you\" - when i was here
last time all i wished was you to be with me.**

**And now that she was in this complicated logistics, pains and
reflections dance - it was nothing like i imagined.**

**SO why go in the future? For now its time to go home to our little
Atom, part of her heart.**

**Mom was indeed right about what she read on AMmy at home, maybe she is
about Atom too.**

**A word of advice, my friend.**

**Even if the feeling of The Death of a Thousand I comes, give it time.
And if in 1-2 nights the mind cannot find birthing to do their dhamma
work, consider changing env.**

**Don\'t let money hold back from creating dhamma env - fuck 3000-4000
bht. Body full relaxation is key.**

**Time spend in hands becomes more and more easy. More easiness into
many enterings/exits.**

**Superb progress.**

**Back to karma for food&short reflections.**

**Blonde Israel girl pop-up next to me. Mo.**

**The contrast.**

**Go back with her now and have the deaths of a thousand "I" (full
freedom) - or do it half-heart ?**

**Don't take it so serious. Prove your love to your flower. LEt this act
be the peak of the revelation of how easily, even true love, can be
neglected and die.**

**All heart.**

**Exactly. Everything she did sprang from the fear of death. The \"I\"
she feels in me.**

**THe mind based on previously established patterns resorted to
anything, regardless of body feeling, for survival.**

**Overall, no matter how much i hated her for it, she really teached me
a good lesson..**

**What a fucking dance..**

**The mind's view on her holdbacks in problems involving her and
togetherness.**

**What if you just Ask? Don't drama so much about it 😂😂.**

**The great Spark.**

**New Year's Eve last meal being.**

**Look at what unfolded from the heavy meal you got drunk on.**

**Was it worth it ?**

**The death of a thousand "I" is the feeling.**

**It comes with a beautiful experience and lesson, but its enough.**

**Oh how much the mind took our constellation to routine and blinded by
other problems and logistics dukkha, it completely neglected her.**

**Without her, the foundation dissapears. The body&mind system is ripped
of family and reproduction.**

**Instant derailment from dhamma duty.**

**In a way, she is my everything.**

**The Art Of Relationship deepens.**

**Find ways to dhamma incorporate her into your dhamma activities. Like
doing nothing in togetherness.**

**Learning massages&yoga.**

**Eating together.**

**These are just from the top of my mind.**

**Just like the Art of Coffee, dhamma duty in studying dhamma activities
and adapting to them must be pracriced with sincere effort and
dedication.**

**If left to the unconscious mind, it over-doses on one activity then
wants out.**

**Now it becomes clear that i don't want to ride alone anymore.**

**Fuck the pain, i will adapt.**

**It weighs nothing in the light of affecting the foundation.**

**Family.**

**If she felt the same as this, how can i judge anything she does ? This
is completely overwhelming.**

**More for an unawakened feminine being fully running on vedana.**

**"When i angry, i forget everything else."**

**There are no rules for the coffee shop.**

**There is need for body strength expression, not the need for
reflections of the mind.**

**Drink coffee and go gym.**

**The body&mind are crazy for her love. Just as in our first week.**

**The body trembles and shakes as i meet her.**

**Heartbeat is crazy.**

**She needs to go Samui - Surat for Atom. Again the call for her little
boy.**

**Aaaahhh, what a morning.**

**Right as i get to the pier, shes there on the back of switz speed
motto.**

**Mind instantly goes to worst case scenario. What an image. true Kali.
Death. - but later looked that her instinct was to smile and of out fear
and careness she held back emotions. Oh god good thing he left.**

**The way she looked at me, like the true Kali Goddess. How much power i
cannot help to give her.**

**The alchemy of her body and face when she came home and packed - how
empty she loved me. Without care or effort this time she didn't try to
stop me when reaching for her pee pee.**

**Dead inside. Ice heart. Wow. The true Kali Goddess. Heartless takeaway
of love. Damn.**

**What i have brought to life.**

**Still, in all of this, i am no longer a padawan in this game. I did
not fantasize or feed Kali. But stabbed her. Deeper and deeper. Die,
bitch. I created you - and i shall destroy you.**

**She is indeed fearful. Maybe most fearful being i have ever met.**

**But he instantly leaves.**

**I go to her.**

**The bells for battlefield ring.**

**There is no time for dojo now.**

**Go soldier of light.**

**Take your lessons and Go.**

**May the Force be with You.**

**2 January -**

**Every scooter the body hears, its hoping its her.**

**There is clear pain in body&mind.**

**Alone in the darkness of the forest, with a wood weapon and improvised
door block.**

**Its not me, its the mind's genetic ancient survival memory.**

**She left. Upon little talk about how un-loved she felt and what little
time i gave her.**

**(a voice started about not appreciating her - my Ana - only if she
spoke, only if i realised)**

**its the story you tell my friend.**

**She\'s right that i was focus on other things - but it\'s impossible
to speak to her in this state.**

**I apologized and said that i see now - and that let\'s work together,
find things to do together.**

**She packed all her things and left.**

**Cold Ammy in all her might. Heartless look.**

**Home. Her bodies half-hearted accepts my body\'s hug.**

**She feels she did nothing wrong.**

**And when i start speaking about it after a long silence, she says i
leave her alone home too (pointing to revenge) - and about leaving
tomorrow to home.**

**Fear of The Night lurks.**

**What is there to be done? **

**Just as before, when she\'s hurt she resorts to emotional
manipulation, just like father.**

**Do badder when someone hurt you. Use emotional pain to get what you
want.**

**She leaves and i take her scooter keys.**

**Well love, You won\'t punish me with my money. \"I can say it\'s my
scooter.\" Funny choice of words.**

**She leaves walking.**

**The body is clearly in pain. But it\'s together with the mind. There
is no separation.**

**\"Mommy can you please stay here with me and not go?\" - a voice
perhaps, beyond emotions.**

**What is her Creation ? One should ponder.**

**Left alone, in need and lust of Lao\'s love. Hours after hours in
aloneness.**

**Uncontrolable echos about me seeing other girls.**

**Feeling grew more and more until it peak\'d in new year night - alone
sleep.**

**Dukkha so big that the mind couldn\'t find a way to quinch it - other
than already written patterns - Hurt when you are hurt. I\'ll show you,
italy man, how bad and ruthless i can be. Bad cold Ammy comes to
light.**

**She Acts into hurting me and it backfires, things only get more bad -
not more good.**

**Has lost complete control - it backfired so bad that she doesn\'t know
what else to do other than complete leave - the ultimate emotional pain
(as going to other men would be against her core, and her core in
current alchemy wins)**

**She falls even more into this mechanism. Leaves home and threathens
about leaving the island.**

**This being inside her, cold revengeful Ammy - i hate it. So much
darkness, so little openess and love.**

**You are not talking to your Ammy now, but to cold revengful Ammy. She
said that she think she did nothing wrong - being away from home 10
hours and ignoring your messages.**

**It\'s clear the \"Yes\" are cold Ammy\'s words, not the words of the
hundreds other Ammy\'s in her heart.**

**And not the way of the heart. Body clearly shows great dukkha.**

**Can i kill it? It\'s the main holdback in our relationship.**

**If giving way to my full freedom brings her out, i am left with facing
a choice - freedom or the manipulative cold Revengeful ammy asleep?**

**It seems that the only way to kill it is not feed it.**

**No matter how far she goes, don\'t give way to her manipulative
plays.**

**Gym constellation with Marissa.**

**Lets see.**

**Dukkha evening with Ammy. She goes out at 1 to meet a friend and at 5
she talks about going to party and maybe be too drunk to come home. What
?**

Again great doubt arises.

Her approach.. the google translates to i don\'t know if i\'m sober
enough to drive home, maybe sleep here.

What ?

I wonder what it all is in her creation. Could be blinded by
\"cheating\" act, drink, jelousy, phone battery dying, i have no idea.

But yes, just as before, if the mind believes in her, anything she\'d do
can be painted from true love and family.

Or see her as a little girl who is afraid to face her father\'s eyes
(both real and virtual) when she feels she did something wrong.

Except now it cannot. Beyond any vedana, there is a clear pattern of her
continuing to hide. To Disrespect.

This came together with the emptiness regarding not having any deep
experiences with other women.. and what could be out there.

How can there be trust then as a mother, a wife?

Now she texts me \"Tomorrow i go home\".

Oh but on top of all, what a beautiful game to play.

Regarding other women, you are free to play my friend, don\'t forget.
She doesn\'t have to be home.

But yesterday even if i was alone, in that low body-state, i would not
have feel to game. So it\'s not about Ammy.

**The mind instantly foresees 2 patterns: Ammy leaving (need of love)
and alone in jungle (somewhat not as safe, but still from 0.01% to 0.05%
increase.**

**For 2, get a strong bamboo bat. Then you will be ready. Safe will be
even better with a weapon. - 0.005%.**

**For 1, let's see.**

**And so, the Conquer World lessons and karmic balance come to life.**

Cannot make Nialau work and take credit - for it would bring no joy and
content - only be left feeling as an impostor. A cheater.

So i begin to follow the path of Lao9\'s and Lao.

**Thank you my brothers. I bow down to you.**

The Matrix.

As Neo births in this state, the epiphany of The Matrix arises.

As ChatGPT binding skills develop, Neo simply watches as the machine
programs his creation.

My father had foreseen this many years ago when guiding in my career.

Would talk about his son\'s working Greatness to be.

**And so, in complete content of the mind, in the awakened return to the
mountains of life\'s purpose, programming - and after a good side lying
rest -**

\- The first Karma dhamma laptop position arises. Lotus with elbows
somewhat supported. Can spend 15-20 min with some light.

**The hold-back reading of AI about game scripts. Mind & AI.
Beautiful.**

Let the mind flow - asking ChatGPT about threads and real world
application - ended up learning about how to download data using
requests library and track it with threads. Isn\'t it beautiful?

\"This example demonstrates how you can use Python threading for
concurrent downloads, which can be particularly useful for applications
that need to download data from multiple sources simultaneously.\"

Real world Application - this is what was missing in Neo\'s earlier
births - giving emptiness and no purpose.

Then - when actual job came - full of more emptiness and lack of real
world application - a great discontent arised.

Just as with the threads, always learn real world application. Is key.

Once this is clear, it it just a play of the Magician to find real world
problems/application with the learnt tools.

Tools. Vs. System(Real-world and real-world application).

If one does not deeply study, understand, manipulate the real world, it
is incomplete.

**The Hunter becomes more sustainable.**

**With the new Pause/Resume implementation, loots can be picked up and
pattern can be adjusted anytime. (Mind together with AI).**

**What a beautiful step.**

**Neo comes with both greatness and imagination - together with vast
echos of not being good, being an impostor, a cheater, inevitably facing
the mountain of reality which is that you know nothing and can do
nothing, beyond all your tricks. But a trickster. A clown.**

**Powerful words giving birth to powerful vedana, making the body want
to draw out of activity at times. - drawing out from dukkha.**

**Especially if dukkha is already present, like yesterday, it will bring
more and more power to the trickster.**

**He will say that it is nothing but a meaningless game, nothing
matters, just number on screens, your work is pathetic.**

**The Trickster too is but an illusion. Just like all "I"'s.**

**The mind's duty when it appears it is not to focus on it's
extermination. Cause then it would be mind chasing mind.**

**But the only duty of the mind remains the same.**

**Bring body functionality to 100%.**

**Foundation: Rest. Elongate. Breath. Eat dhamma food if hungry.**

**And on top of foundation: Do its dhamma work from the endless pool.**

**But also, greatness can no longer be ignored. Image recognition
learning, programming epiphanies from previous lives.**

**The world of fantasy. The greatest of all. The love of your life as a
teen. But destroyed by darkness and dukkha of it asking for the price of
your freedom.**

**No more. Free To Play.**

**Input time required and brute force input reduced by 90%.**

**A-m-a-z-i-n-g.**

**Now, the next step involves around safety. Fixing the bot like
movement, especially stuck.**

**Also, can implement random zig-zag turns. This will also help in stuck
scenarios.**

**Then it can run without the fear of getting banned.**

**Once this is achieved, a door closes in regards of current approach
limitation.**

**But another ones open. Towards a vast, both scary(Trickster) and
exciting, world.**

**The world of communicating with the game (back end application
reading).**

**So you see my friend, is it not about the conquer world.**

**But about learning the AI with AI binding (mind-char gpt).**

**The mind is the true AI and the GPT takes out the mechanical work.**

**Together - Greatness.**

**It is about returning to your only calling in life. Programming. But
this time with a totally different karmic balance. Awakened.**

**Neo.**

**About learning image recognition, altering, learning patterns,
manipulating patterns, failing, adjusting, simulating a more and more
person from your algorithm.**

**This is absolutely beautiful. I can see.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Searched 1 hour for dhamma coffee place.**

**Back to Karma.**

**The mind Learning more about the dhamma activities here.**

**The body speaking constantly.**

**The tear of Karma - cannot write on laptop/walk. (Dhamma activity pool
reduced, especially work)**

**But rest is pure dhamma.**

**Dhamma activities are all about the balance of movement and rest.**

**So in resting dhamma activities, it is imperative that the body is
relaxed. If working with hands, the elbows are supported and gravity is
not collapsing at either t-spine or low back.**

**The pure dhamma side laying position. All tensions off. Activities
open: phone edit videos, writing, watching, going in fantasy
world/allowing the mind to do its play, mindfulness with breathing,
etc.**

**The great beautiful smile of Karma Cafe.**

**It's clear that this is my workplace for now.**

**1 January -**

**Beautiful between realms moment with Lao, levelling up to 130. Not
even double exp.**

**Just pure grind.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Tough morning - breaking the already found dhamma pattern with heavy
food and milk cocoa morning - because it rained and had no coffee
option.**

**3 hours of searching for coffee, losing my pink earphones.**

**The green curry is extremely heavy, even after 3 hours.**

**Oh but finally home.. Conquer \<3.. smoke, relax.**

**31 Dec -**

**Shopping-free night with Ammy. Only 1700. Our resolution.**

**Food. Home. I eat a lot.**

**First out of happiness but soon it turns into excess.**

**I\'m however at peace with it.**

**I awaken by night\'s fireworks, both afraid and thrilled in between
worlds.**

**Ahh.. The Hunter running in the background, doing \~1500 constant
lines.**

**So beautiful to watch at yet such a padawan level.**

**My creation.**

**Fear Of the Dark.**

**"In the last 5 years, i have been awakened at every minute of the
Night.**

**Awakened by demons of the night, rising from body&mind&soul
sufferings - which kept me from running back to sleep.**

**Forced me to fully rise regardless of time and place.**

**Forced me to restlessly study life's secrets.**

**When i teach about secrets of the body, mind and spirit - I do not
read them out of some self help books or instagram trends.**

**🌑 But i teach from the heart of the night.**

**Where all secrets&wealths go to eventually.**

**I teach from conversations with death's messengers.**

**Disease. Suffering. Pains.**

**They only carry one message before death's inevitable awaiting:**

**Find the answers or live in agony and emptiness."**

**The Art of Sitting.**

**It goes way beyond computer time.**

**Oh my god. It is a continuous dance.**

**Last night's meal, coffee now - the unconciousness secret lies in
taking gravity off the spine, especially in front line closed/flexion
pattern with gravity pushing down.**

**Limbs weight distribution is everything.**

**Imagine the accurate weight scale.**

**How the weight fluctuates on forces. Leaning is key.**

**The X Pattern.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**When movies become life..**

**Waking up in this scenery it feels like a movie.**

**In the heart of the jungle mountains, in the heart of the island.**

**With the most pure hearted soul i\'ve ever touched.**

**My Asian Lady.**

**Cheers to life - Homage this moment through a video.**

**Last night late meal (Refill pb + chocolate ) - great insight.**

**Wake up at 2:00 with very heavy KS, but different.**

**30 Dec -**

**My sweet Ammy.**

**Again her world was shattered in the train-thought that she do wrong
and wrong.**

**Play with Nialau all night. I not feel i worked even for 1 second.**

**Beautiful match.**

**Installed python, libraries, the programmer births. Neo.**

**But different now. Free to Play.**

**Home 5 pm after heavy cold rain exposure 30 min. Took a 30 min shower.
Balance.**

**The Art of Rolling in Rain.**

**Build proper environment. Its in the mind's ability to understand and
bend the patterns.**

**Once the rush, fear of pain and running away from pain - giving rise
to great Fight state, i could adjust.**

**Ahhhh.. the light side of the island.**

**Much less scooters, dhamma food, drinks.**

**The Force is much stronger.**

**Scooter experience. The Jedi Master.**

**Playing in the world of people - using the Force at one\'s own dhamma
work.**

**The behind the curtain lady boss scene, exactly as beautifuly portrait
in movies.**

**When movies become life..**

**Refill shop.**

**Medicines of mother natures for the body. I feel them now. In smell,
touch, energy.**

**I love you so much dear body. You are my life.**

**The numbness to pain?**

**When one has known a pain as hard as KS2,3,4 - many outside pains
become vain and empty. Nothingness.**

**Just the happening.**

**Slow down..**

**Do nothing with the body.**

**Do nothing with the mind.**

**Then you will know what to do.**

**Took a long time (4x) but adapted. Smoke-able joint.  Beautiful
feeling of content and sincere dhamma effort.**

**Body relaxes. Of course weed is a great anchor.**

**Dukkha comes again.. Nail inflamation, dukkha coconut banana meal, KS4
pain in mega X pattern- dukkaha city riding together, dusty long road,
unable to find coffee, far from dhamma coffee (resorted back to common
6/10), unsmoke-able joint because of home humidity (combined possibly
with weed storage?), doubt about ammy arising about money first and
conditioning further, peaking with awful envinronment in driving
unprepared (no mask glasses)**

**Many arisings.**

**The Quincher of dukkha, Arise.**

**Re-roll patiently with weed&tobbaco dried out in sun.**

**Rent scooter - regain full freedom.**

**Woke up 3:58 AM.**

**Created my own auto-ctrl holder and clicker together with ChatGPT
friend.**

**What i could not find before and even considered paying.**

**Beautiful.**

**29 Dec -**

**Talk with Nialau and Cosu.**

** **

**Sat down on bean & pillows - clear X pattern - after 2 min let go of
laptop.**

**After 2 min i rise.**

**Beautiful study of the natural truths can be done in this very
moment.**

**Daddy learning girl to ride bike moment.**

**Its becomes more and more that it\'s just patterns, the mind playing
roles.**

**This is the true Force. Altering mind stories/roles on its own,
keeping a dhamma heart in vision.**

** **

**Home alchemy greatly changed upon quinching of dukkha.**

**It is a truly beautiful home.**

**I have awakening computer position. (work, run script, play, play)**

**Now need smoking position(typing,working,play, play, play ) while
sitting**

**Sunt vagabontul vietii mele.**

**First Kali-Goddess roleplay (with roles reversed).**

**She is a Master in Disguise.**

**In Faking. In playing.**

**Her =. Amazing.**

**The Art Of Computer.**

**The awakened and fully up body offers a much different, more dhamma
flavor to computer time during the day. Clean air, freedom of movement
and think are key components.**

**A dhamma house created through the Art Of Home offers both
stand-up,move,squat, handstand while working/playing and also a place to
stop and fully relax in doing nothing.**

**Then as night comes and unveils, the Art Of Computer moves it realm
into a fully relaxed position, inviting sleep to come, whether it is in
minutes or hours.**

**Many dhamma activities (dhamma lifes) are within the computer realm.**

**To not have this means death of dozens of I, depending on available
patterns, happens. Of course it\'s painful.**

**Dhamma activities fall within the only duty of the mind.**

**3 positions are needed, each playing a big part in the dhamma activity
pool.**

**Freedom to slightly move and ease of access (Reauired BFI to enter not
high)**

**Dhamma position 1: Standing in motion. Head level pc. (Take Chi cafe,
escape patterns)**

**Dhamma position 2: Sitting to smoke/type.**

**(Most dhamma example Home balcony)**

**Dhamma position 3: Between realms. Watching movie, only mouse
movement. Can also add keyboard if want. (home chair 9/10 because
keyboard use is not 100 pressure free - elbows not supported entirely,
home living 10/10)**

**Pattern recognition and pattern prediction based on previous
recognition.**

**1.Keep the body close to 100% functionality.**

**When the there are predictable patterns bringing BF dukkha and
affecting functionality, the mind has failed it's purpose.**

**All outworld inputs instantly enter a train of thought leading to
Mother Pattern (worst case scenario)**

**Mother pattern can be found in any train-thought seraching for
body&mind morbidity(from pains, money, freedom,etc) and peaking with
death.**

**2.Reproduce**

**Another Mother Pattern is reproductive train-thought.**

**Again it find the worst development of patterns in attempt to predict
it.**

**But when there is any sickness in the body-mind - it rabbit holes out
of control.**

**As long as there is dukkha on the inside (conflict of natural truths,
like riding downwards clear X pattern for KS4), followed by bad air, bad
energy, greed and dukkha filled people and objects.**

**Man.. this area of koh phangan is demonic.**

**People, drivers, places, vendors, workers - tremendous dukkha.**

**Loud satanic music, selling sex, greed, sells only alchohol, no
smoothies.**

**Ammy\'s work place is the center of this dukkha. (or very close to
it)**

**When on northern part you could see the contrast, here is 99% the Dark
side. Darkness. All dhamma activities (outside home) - are flooded in
darkness.**

**With current test results, i have to get 20-25 min away from home
(double time for come back) - to reach dhamma places. And with this
input, they are unattainable without great enclonsement.**

**How can i plan what i am going there to do ?**

**Need to get closer, but let\'s give it 3 days.**

**With current test results, I will not stay until 10 jan. (then the
money patterns activate & panic )**

**It is a natural truth that for KS4 to become tensed in current data -
riding around here in 15-20 min distances is not possible. It brings
tremendous dukkha. Then everything else is affected.**

**AI: Run tests, analyze through senses on the battlefield, analyze
through mind\'s work in dojo.**

**Run variations of test, many of them.**

**LEt the dark side be the dark side, you are a soldier of light. It
touches you, but it cannot touch your spirit. Find the patterns which
bring no dukkha.**

**Let the mind work beyond it\'s attachment to current programming.**

**Let it run strictly on natural truths.**

**The only duty.**

**A great tear and a smile - The Home and The Outside Home.**

**Once the mind stops analyzing and trying to perform it\'s duty in
it\'s stories, the body&mind AI adapt.**

**Find new positions, calm down.**

**It is all about trusting the mind trusting the body with it\'s life.**

**The body trusting the mind with it\'s life.**

**Togetherness.**

**But what is one to do when there are some natural truths preventing
this? **

**For example unavoidable dukkha in dhamma activities - like riding to
morning coffee place?**

**Or riding to gym.**

**Home playground is still to be developed.**

**Again, the mind quickly hastens in any new unknown/dukkha filled place
to judge and want to get out.**

**Let the AI do it\'s work and marvel at it\'s splendor.**

**Simply bring natural truth conflicts to light and let the mind work.**

**Oh but this is so hard when there is body pain (KS2,KS3,KS4) and the
predicatable pattern of it (15 days commitment to house seems like 15
days commitment to pain. - this greatly inhibits the mind.**

**Natural truths must be addressed. There is no other duty to perform.**

**This is the first most dhamma priority of the mind.**

**It is not about solving Ammy\'s dukkha created in the stories of the
mind -**

**It is impossible to do so as long as the body is unstable.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Morning ride to run some tests.**

**Ride change - very much dust - will pursue the other one.**

**Descent exposure time improved 3-4x by letting the bike to flow, not
fighting it.**

**Letting gravity do it\'s bidding, not fighting ( of course requires
driving skills & focus)**

**Karmic balance:**

**28 Dec -**

**The mind however can create whatever.**

**It could be a wonderful time spent a lot in dhamma house - working on
projects.**

**The most dhamma envinronment for computer play/work. The dream.**

**Or it can be a cut out place from society missing many things what the
other places offer.**

**For freedom problem - if the natural truth of descent proves to be a
real problem, greatly affecting the quality of life, consider rent
scooter for ammy 2-3 and test.**

**The mind creates whatever it wants, but is greatly conditioned by
vedana.**

**Almost Everything Ammy does, says, acts - can be seen as = i cannot
trust and believe in, both body(old and tired) and mind(polluted
beliefs).**

**The necky german gave her to protect her and the energy she wears it
with along with life approach on whole other men/life problems. She
still alone. Oh but what a way of closing the circle of the talisman.**

**Her house approach. Only think about money and complains in ironic
questions.**

**She only talks about what she what to talk, how and when. Strictly
what she considers necessary.**

**Or the mind can create togetherness out of everything. The necky can
simply be talisman, house tears can be strictly about house, the
togetherness can be fully believed in.**

**Too much talking my friend..**

**What a beautiful, but harsh example of a**

**Tear and A Smile concept - the alone house in the wood is. - a long
time dream.**

**Beyond descent ks4 which now feels like unsolvable dukkha, i begin to
see now it has many tears together with many smiles.**

**Maan i've missed the oiless green curry.**

**This one has really good tofu.**

**The fatty but extremely sexy dominatrix bunny ?**

**Do not hasten into drawing fast conclusions about a new environment -
especially dukkha filled one.**

**You are the Quincher of Dukkha.**

**Lets play.**

**A totally different flavor of the island.**

**Same like nana plaza vibe, but in much cleaner air.**

**I saw 2 very arousing and sexy women.**

**I'm eager to play, to explore - but at the same time the KS4 dukkha +
fatigue is holding me back.**

**Great great dukkha upon driving downwards.**

**Then made worse by walking with backpack, energy, seeing Ammy work,
contemplating the possibility of leaving, no internet - bla bla bla.**

**Plan: give it 2-3 days - by talking to owner offering 2000 day bht
trial.**

**Again a lesson about not rushing and commiting to the unknown.**

**Arrived.**

**What a home.**

**A feeling arises, im not waiting to get anywhere anymore.**

**Just here. Beautiful..**

**Watching the girl i shared a smile with approached and flirted with
another guy.**

**A little Padawan. Enjoy, my friends.**

**I have adapted in the matter of minutes of environment absorption.**

**Of course, the different boat env also play a fantastic vital role as
the absolute truth.**

**Return to Chess.**

**LaoWater.**

**With previous lives knowledge and current =, LaoWater births.**

**Chess is the absolute perfect tools for the mind.**

**Pattern recognition, manipulation, prediction towards one's purpose.**

**Beautiful.**

**Road to full Moon party.**

**Man what a place to be in for this time.**

**The whole world comes together here.**

**BIRTH OF JIAOE to help carry the baggage.**

**An unspeakable act of awareness, knowledge, knowledge in action.**

**Hello new ferry. Hello clean air.**

**Hello massage?**

**This is fucking amazing.**

**Enjoy.**

**Reflecting about Koh Phangan logistics and car KS3&KSS4 pain.**

**The realization comes to light that the body&mind can adapt to
anything.**

**And true adaptation only happens in that monement, through
sampajana.**

**Reflecting about how much agony the body was in at work
envinronment.**

**How much pain. And the mind couldn't do anything. Was yet a padawan
.**

**Soon the natural arising of mind promise to body that it will never
give way till anything like that.**

**Body smiles.**

**The feeling of togetherness arises.**

**\*writing in X pattern.**

**It instantly comes with the Fight state.**

**Body danger. Restlessness. I soon stop\***

**Jamming experience in bus.**

**Emotional spikes inertia of his body and mind beautiful to warch.**

**How dead his body got when i asked deep questions.**

**Then talked about how old his body feels.**

**Then more dead when talking girls.**

**\*I change position and side lie on elbow. X pattern instantly begins
to quinch. A feeling on tingling slowly appears in low back.\***

**Another great dukkha. I talk more about girls.**

**He finally backs up and connects with couple about shallow worldling
things - party, alcohol, complaining, laughing, telling stories about
high emotional spikes - its really beautiful how his mind searches for
similar kaya-vedana-citta patterns.**

**How animated his body began to get now.**

**It becomes so clear that He doesn't care or reflect anything about me.
Our constellations purely reflect his own.**

**Still, great wisdom in this encounter, if one has the skills to see
it. The universe takes care of the universe.**

**Mind take cares of body.**

**Body takes care of mind.**

**Becoming more and more aware of the X pattern in phone, pc, rolling,
lifting.**

**And Y patterns.**

**The X-Y spectrum.**

**One thing to consider is that the higest factor is gravity.**

**Second is Time.**

**Natural Truths.**

**Man.. same activity - writing on journal can have 2 opposite flavors -
directly conditioned by gravity&body.**

**Fight or Slow Down.**

**After 10 min in this, there begins to be more and more tension here.
The body wanting to change, play, flow, do nothing.**

**Chapter ends with a new dhamma sitting position. Sitting 90 degrees
lotus with hips 90 degrees and hands not doing anything.**

**The second Chapter in Surat Thani ends.**

**The demons of the night.**

**Togetherness in aloneness. Hearts together but body&minds apart.**

**Karmic balance.**

**AI project.**

**The Art of Riding**

**The Art of Food.**

**The unspeakable world.**

**And many more.**

**Just as the bus time comes, a gentle rain unveils and cleanses the
world.**

**Until we meet again, mystical Ludus.**

**Farewell.**

**Bed laying down birthed spontaneous mental images state.**

**When natural truths are addressed and respected, the self can return
anytime to nothingness.**

**When the natural truths are respected and = dukkha is quinched from
KS2, KS3 and KS4 - the body is safe. The mind can rest and do its
bidding outside the body.**

**The self watches the mind. The player.**

**Just sitting out of the body and watching mental images coming, taking
forms, and going.**

**The mind watches the breath calm down, not forces it. It can however
guide it.**

**The more this state cultivates, there begins the ability to manipulate
this mental images to my pleasing.**

**Wonderful.**

**It's what Bhikku wrote about. Lets talk my friend. I am ready.**

**The Art Of Sitting.**

**Again i am reminded the body\'s urge for the freedom to move.**

**Move in and out of dhamma positions suitable for performed activity.**

**Noticing the trade-off between creation on Free2Play and KS3.**

**The gravity dance because not having a dhamma position.**

**As KS2 is exposed more and more time to X pattern (laptop typing),
karmic balance A+9 (working on Free2Play) and Q+9 (clear X pattern) -
doubt starts to arise. Disbelief in Free2Play. Dis-content in conquer.**

**Purposelessness in everything and anything. - The exact opposite of
Content in everything and anything one\'d do and one were to happen.**

**Its all in what you think. Everything origintaes in the mind and the
mind is conditioned by vedana.**

**Dukkha vedana gives rise to dukkha in thinking and beliefs.**

**Beautiful to observe.**

**Just by changing position to a more relaxed, dhamma one - belief in
Free2Play builds back up.**

**Slow down..**

**The body lets go of the laptop. A natural truth in energies of kinetic
forces and the Tao.**

**Instantly there release of tension.**

**Smoker\'s Library experience with offended man (and me).**

**Beautiful reflections.**

**How i tried to stand out and convince him - but in the same time tell
me story - together.**

**Mo beautiful moment.**

**The Art of handcraft. How can i ever do this with my hands? Cannot,
its the power of community.**

**Allowing the mind to do it's work on scooter slipper drop moment.
Letting natural truths be purely natural truths - and the mind
navigating them.**

**What if, whatever she does and says, i go towards Ammy purely with
dhamma love?**

**Treat her as the Tao, just as the security guard yesterday.**

**Continuously adapting while giving only dhamma love and
understanding.**

**The Art Of Adapting.**

**Let her speak when she wants to speak, open up when she wants to open
up.**

**Beyond the fear of doing the same thing as before and hurting you, it
is a beautiful thing to watch.**

**And regarding that, it feels like there has been a change in her core,
the efortless change. No more games. I want family. This shows clearly
in dreams and train thoughts.**

**What if you full heartedly believe in her, as in a manifestation of
the Dao? Asking you to dance.**

**This requires Jedi Master skill of \"Beyond the I\".**

**When one opens the chat, open must open it not in clinging, but in
giving space for this being (Tao) to be as she is - and to love.**

**Is no easy skill, my friend.**

**Let the body speak it\'s emotions to her \"I very miss you\" - without
any I\'s and clingings be born in the mind.**

**Without the clinging of not saying \"I\" of the fear of birthing it.**

**Without the clinging of what she talk/do with everything that might
impact YOUR suffering.**

**As long as there is A YOU asking HER to change, there is still
clinging. Clinging to her changing, bursts of body waves in key moments
when the mind tells the story of hiding.**

**Let this be studies of your mind alone inside your dojo. If a clear
decision of cannot trust her with my life&kids - let it be made strictly
in solitude and then taken upon the battlefield in doing, not talking.**

**For now, it appears her core has changed, althogh the body&mind are
still running in programming.**

**Asking her to stop/change is like her asking you to stop/change eating
patterns. Exactly same.**

**But the mind can tell the story of full believing. Full believing in
everything she does.**

**Crazy how bringing to mind\'s focus - her lying about the old man
christmas present - also brings to mind the train thought of faking
pregnacy, faking daughter.**

**Yes, my friend. Its pattern-recognition.**

**Same like Kaya-pattern recognition happening as you move around the
world.**

**Yesterday\'s dhamma recognition of Metro through the bodily senes.**

**Just now, in a beyond the \"I\" state, the vedana-recognition pattern
can be clearly observed.**

**The mind\'s work(and purpose) can very clearly be observed.**

**Citta-Kaya-Vedana pattern recognition - for mechanical input/output.
(The battlefield) - \*Natural Truths\***

**Citta-pattern recognition - for learning and improving -
Sankhara(conditioner, condition, the conditioning) for body&mind
functionality to 100%. Just as now, first thought(citta) about Ammy
white lie - conditioned the vedana(feeling) which further conditioned
citta (think about her lying about everything-the Mother Pattern.) which
further conditioned extreme vedana intesity (and was going to if not
stopped by the Cat, by changing the focus of the mind).**

**It looked like the sole purpose of the mind is to reach the Mother
Pattern(Greatness, Art, perfection).**

**Hmm.. why?**

**Be it flawed or not. But there is the observance of this happening,
and in this observance, one can play.**

**The most beautiful games of all. Beyond Of \"I\".**

**(The Dojo) \*Study of the Natural truths\***

**The mind seems to have no other purpose than this. Study and reach the
Mother Pattern. Once there, play with it as it pleases. (Conciousness or
not) - to avoid danger - to Preserve Life.**

**Greatness. Art. Complete binding with the envinronment.**

**Once perfected in study and practice (conciousness or not), the
patterns give birth to \"I\'s\". The roles we play.**

**But any glitch in the body&mind system affecting 100% functionality -
is preventing this to happen. More, it\'s creating flawed patterns.**

**Let\'s call body&mind functionality BMF. The bodies&mind come into
this world pure, with BMF close to 100%. As years go by, it greatly
decreases. (=\`s)**

**To look at this for this flesh&mind, study BMF before thailands trips,
during, after, that feeling of returning home - is the feeling of a
concious drop in BMF with current pattern.**

**But as i said before, now the mind\'s skill has greatly increased
regarding The Art of Life (Home, Dhamma activities, etc)**

**And again, in just this train of thought, the mind had solved the
concious drop in BMF once returning home(giving birth to feelings of
fear) in the dojo.**

**Next is the battlefield.**

**Even worse, the mind falls into dukkha Mother Patterns. - patterns
which do not respect Natural Truths.**

**In this view, it seems so clear, by inernal experience, that the mind
is purely a skill.**

**Like mother-image sexual:**

**Natural Truths - sexual alchemies, happening, interactions with
mother(symbol of life) through senses.**

**- taken in the mind to study and solve (get back BMF to 100%) - but
very limited by envinronment and padawan skills in the Art Of Life.**

**Studied, manipulated and played in the mind Upon reaching the Mother
Pattern - death.**

**The Yin of life. The exact opposite of the mind\'s concious purpose.
For in that ecstasy, life and death are the same bodily sensations, but
opposites only in the stories the mind tell.**

**This problem-solving, pattern-recognition beautiful AI reaches a great
glitch when taking upon the problem of death.**

**Here the mind\'s purpose can break into 2 stories:**

**Avoiding death**

**Preserving life as much as the Natural Truths allow**

**Here births one dhamma question to be asked at times, in the millions
of roles (patterns) : **

**Is one preserving life or is one running away from death?**

**Because the mind\'s dhamma purpose is to preserve life, not to run
away from death (only in true danger).**

**Now from this arise the 2 states, the 2 different frequencies of the
body&mind.**

**Fight or Slow Down.**

**Studying AI CQ project karmic balance: A+9 Q+1 (position not ideal but
karmic balance is so strong that it ovewhelms dukkha)**

**The AI project Expands and gets more meaning.**

**The CQ hunt experience.**

**How it began. How the mind adapted. Learning patterns.Imagination.**

**DO the same work with less life force. Less time invested.**

**The whole experience is a deep intimate look into the greatest AI
ever, the mind.**

**This experience totally changes approach to Free2Play project. (Cosu,
Nialau, Lao)**

**Its not about one project, its about starting slowly, understanding
how AI works, what is the beleif behind it.**

**Understand through experience - Solve real world energy -**

**Free2Play is the same as in my life.**

**Multiple games available, new ones coming up.**

**Each day play whatever you want, for however long you want. Play for
the sake of playing.**

**The beauty of creation.**

**The magic of watching your work work.**

**Create multiple projects. Try. Fail. Play.**

**Then money will come eventually on their own.**

**Since 25 Dec, T-Spine pain - KS4 - has been birthing everyday, but
only slightly affecting the quality of life.**

**What has changed in the dance with Gravity? Computer time and sitting
positions.**

**It all started with the home building & trying to play agony - which
again followed the mind\'s reflection of this earlier that that - in
attempt to study the natural truths about it.**

**Beyond the gravity dance, all of them are connected to the Fight or
Recover state.**

**But KS4 seems most of all.**

**I believe it is because this natural truth is more oriented towards
muscles, fascia and only slightly about structures. (protruded disk vs
herniated disk - KS3 vs KS4).**

**The morning kneeling play cq greatly affected KS4.**

**The natural truth chain looks like this for now:**

**Mind searched for the pain**

**Manifests in reality as Great Fight/Stress state in KS4 X Pattern 25
Dec**

**KS4 is now triggered. Some natural truths changed in body\'s alchemy
regarding T-Spine structure and more, T-spine fascia and muscles -
connecting everything - Front line, Back line, DFL, breath.**

**Now every X\' pattern (low leveSl X pattern which doesn\'t affect
structure in controlled time exposure).**

**So, before 25 dec, riding scooter was X\' pattern for KS4.**

**I could ride for 20-30 min with no KS4 dukkha. The = dance with
gravity on scooter, once 2-3 dhamma positions are found.**

**Now, this has changed.**

**After initial spark, structural change (much time in X pattern) - X\'
patterns become X patterns.**

**Exatly same with this morning kneeling play.**

**Fuck.. no speedboat to Koh Phangan.**

**Best option: Same ammy. 0 mental energy required.**

**The triangle and sewed pillow feel very different from the other 2.
Dukkha.**

**In weight, feeling, consistency. Let go.**

**JUst as letting go of the coffee and ordering new dhamma one.**

**Keep trying until dhamma food is achieved.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Awaken at 4:57 AM, fully rested.**

**Turned on lights. Shower. Find home purpose to pack.**

**As soon as focus is taken away from KS2, it calms down.**

**Its like the body AI\'s doesn\'t bend to the mind. But has it\'s own
Freedom.**

**Not long until body is back to 100% functionality.**

**Freedom. 3 kinds arise.**

**Freedom of the body.**

**Freedom of the mind.**

**Freedom of the soul.**

**Slowing down karmic balance: A+9 Q+0 (if dhamma position adapted)**

**Smoking if not done in excess: A+7 Q+0-4 (depending on
excess&quality)**

**27 Dec -**

**Home 10:30 pm.**

**KS2 has calmed down. At 6-7 pm, when the programming spike of urge to
eat comes, there is a simple sollution.**

**Do nothing.**

**Allow the body to do it\'s dhamma work in freedom and peace. And let
the mind do it\'s dhamma work and purpose.**

**Learn patterns from the 6 senses. Understand them, play with them,
bend them in mind then bend reality patterns towards different purposes
of the mind -**

**The mind\'s dhamma work is to think about patterns, not to remain
fixated on a body\'s signal and amplify it.**

**Because in this doing, it creates the reality of the pain. The whole
body alchemy changes.**

**Just like \"Don\'t think of a purple scarf blowing in the wind\" train
thought.**

**Or better, in a dream world(or fantasy thinking - content self-rising
mind images, achieved in full relaxation of the body-mind)**

**similar to body\'s AI, ran entirely by the Tao - try to make something
dissapear.**

**The more you try this, the more you Look at it. The more you look at
it, the more you create it.**

**Well, in reality there is a different flavor. In the sense that there
are some natural truths in it, like gravity affecting flesh structures
and mind reading message.**

**The Art of Healing is to receive this message.**

**Quinch any X pattern. Quinch anything preventing the quinchening of X
patterns.**

**Then let go. Just like the sound of the Mo cleaining lady hose washing
the floor.**

**Eliminate X pattern - let\'s say in this analogy is getting wet (=Body
structures affected by gravity, herniated discs, compression). A natural
truth.**

**The X pattern is removing yourself from the hose\'s range.**

**The hose is still running, humidifying the air and making sounds.**

**But once out of the X pattern, return to dhamma work and play. To
dhamma activity pool.**

**One can do things even when right in hose\'s aim, affecting the
structure but achieveing the mind\'s/nature purpose.**

**-**

**10:30 pm comes and i feel the stomach emptying and some acid rising.**

**I test late night single meal (chips&yogurt).**

**I feel the X pattern happening for KS2, but i study it.**

**Sleep comes soon after.**

**The purpose of the mind.**

**Read Natural Truths through senses.**

**Payed deposit for Koh Lanta Rent.**

**Lets see what awaits.**

**Dhamma activities really tighetning from 12pm.**

**Went out at 7:15pm for tonight\'s ride - but still very heavy and
polluted air.**

**Beautiful gym session. Stretch chair learning with Snook after great
workout.**

**I feel in absolute togetherness with this body.**

**Not afraid of any pattern. Any gravity dance.**

**Ready to adapt. Adapt, adapt, adapt.**

**More and more experience brought to studying the 2 states.**

**It\'s actually more of a Spectrum.**

**Fight \<-\> Relax/Recover**

**Revelations & Theories - HandStand**

**Slowly the body learn more and more the gravity dance in entering the
handstand.**

**A lifetime\'s dream. A peak of movement.**

**The learning to walk analogy is perfect.**

**And today i learn something i have not seen before, yet so clear.**

**When a kid learn how to walk, he first walks to stand up (entering
walking pattern) - before learning to stand and walk.**

**Applied to hand-stand - this must mean slow, controlled entering to
handstand, not jumping into it.**

**Sugar-free premium thai tea with bubble order.**

**KB: A+6 Q+1**

**Fresh whole avocado honey cereals order, gonna mix with dragon
fruit.**

**Lets study the food dhamma tests.**

**Man to Man talk to forest cottage.**

**An ancient dream. To wake up with my asian lady in a wooden cabin.**

**Money is nothing for the knowledge and object of study it hold for Art
Of Home Study.**

**Lets see. The day is still young.**

**The Art Of Slowing Down.**

**The mind slows does as in stops telling the stories and allows the
body to do dhamma work or rest.**

**This is another truest ancient treasure lost to the unconciousness.**

**Slowing down is an Absolute truth. Of body and time.**

**The Art of Clothing.**

**Just as you carry your clothes with you across places, wouldn't it
follow the same dhamma to carry your more intimate clothes with you
too?**

**Its more than about playing.**

**Its intimate body-skin binding to the external world.**

**Absolute truth in absolute truth.**

**Isn't this the most dhamma purpose for the big bag i have along with
the backpack ?**

**The pillows... the feeling. Cannot explain.**

**Aaaaah....**

**The gravitation revelation depending on pillow kinetic structure
absorption together with binding of body.**

**WHAt are these pillows, which i've kept seeing around ?**

**A bit tougher material and amazingly dhamma at touch.**

**Must take home some.**

**Just like clothes tremendous effect on KS2, KS3, KS4, KS5.**

**Its the "food" of the outside world.**

**It is an absolute truth that your skin come in intimate contact with
what you're wearing and sitting/sleeping on.**

**I learn the story of their alchemy.**

**Cotton family tree, of course.**

**"After harvest season is over, farmers with little else to do take on
the production of these rectangular and triangular pillows. Yasothon is
famed for these pillows, which are adorned with beautiful traditional
patterns. The craft also gives farmers an opportunity to earn more
during the agricultural off-season."**

**These pillows reflect the off-season.**

**What do they do with the many hours invested in dhamma work during on
seasons, when nature doesn't allow them ?**

**They create pillows.**

**The treasure of their ancient world lost to the unconciousness.**

**This is what life seems to be about.**

**Find what is lost in the unconciousness and bring back to life.**

**A soldier of Light. A Jedi's path.**

**Fill bag with these.**

**Consider sending to Romania.**

**Consider bussiness idea.**

**\*talk chat gpt\***

**The Art of Computer sitting.**

**Maan, i forgot i fucking measures by cm and creates on paper home
setup.**

**It's no easy thing. Of course you can't recreate it easily.**

**Its an Art.**

**But once home is settled and real change can happen, its only a
question of imagination and money.**

**Dedeman experience.**

**Security gard (Tao) taking my bag.**

**More and more the calling to switch Re-Connect (Way Of The
Centenarian) - to english.**

**Romanian is so.. polluted in my creation.**

**Many words and expressions carry no transalation.**

**Its all in how you think.**

**Its clear that english flows more naturally, but the course could be a
gift for your country.**

**Travel.. and bring back knowledge.**

**Either. Or can do both.**

**Don\'t forget about the music cheat code.**

**Can observe the tension from playing/moving last 2h.**

**The need to rest emerges.**

**Lay down on dhamma chair for doing nothing.**

**Breath calms down by itself.**

**It is here i can understand what it means the mind forcing the breath
to calm down vs the mind watching the breath calming down.**

**The breath-body and breath cannot calm down when any Natural Truths
are not respected.**

**It is an absolute truth that the body need to alternate between
moving(tension) and resting (release of tension).**

**Oh wow, what a cottage in a woods i found.**

**Perfect rent dates - matching.**

**Perfect location.**

**Perfect moment to practice Stress vs Content state.**

**Meesaged the guy.**

**30.000 bht per month, but it\'s nothing compared to the value of life
it offers. Of Air. Of wooden touch.**

**Lets see.**

**Its with the Tao now.**

**Revelations & Theories - KS3 - T-spine pain (also applies to all)**

**Stress vs Content.**

** **

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Man, the weed really calms down the body.**

**Tools vs System.  **

**It is but a tool.**

**Great coffee from local vendor.**

**26 Dec -**

**2:47 Wake-up.**

**Dream of Ariana/Ammy symbol in dukkha community.**

**8pm.**

**The truth is that before any dukkha night food, KS2 is already
heavy.**

**Already inflamed. This paired with riding in dukkha envinronment -\>
intensifies it even more.**

**Its not only about the milk&desserts, but about much more.**

**I contemplate smoking. I really want to smoke and talk to ammy or
write, but i know it\'ll be heavy for the night.**

**Jedi mind trick: Eat little bit.**

**Eating cannot be paired with smoking, in the pattern that it doesn\'t
feel natural to smoke after eating.**

**Use this as u please.**

**I study chips&yoghurt - and little milk with choco bread. - Dhamma
Test 3 - Are they really that bad if the Tao is respected after meal?**

**WIth straight body, water and light moving.**

**Not great excess.**

**I efortlessly stop after chips.**

**After 15 min there is fullness.**

**I spend 1-2 hours playing in a somewhat straight position.**

**This allows the body to digest.**

**2 hours later, the food in the upper part of the digestive system is
done.**

**Oh but in this emptyness, i already feel dukkha.**

**Like the acidic enzymes the body secreted finished dissolving the food
and are not hurting the stomach walls.**

**The digested food travels down the system.**

**It is an intimate process.**

**Dhamma activity pool in SR is very poor during traffic hours
(12-7pm).**

**It currently consists of The Art of Playing and The Art Of Resting.**

**Afternoon/evening commners/park ride ideas.**

**This also taps into the Art Of Riding in the city, which is choosing
the most clean paths to destination.**

**Isn\'t it amazing how the same playing position which in a Stressed
mode came with KS3 and KS4 pain, now comes without?**

**After some resting time of doing nothing with the body.**

**The same squat now has 2 very different flavors. Same movement, 2
totally different states.**

**Stress and Content.**

**The Art Of Resting.**

**Do absolutely nothing with the body. Not in a meditating lotus
position, as thats still something really stresfull and tensioned for my
body.**

**But do absolutely nothing.**

**Wu Wei.**

**Found my kneeling position.**

**The 2-3 years ago pos. Amazing.**

**Then rested in bed a while.**

**Then fully rested on chair a while.**

**Eyes/head sensation of wind + too much screen time.**

**Man i missed this.  **

**Dhamma sitting position for computer (fantasy) world.**

**It is a non-negociable dhamma for a home.**

**It requires neutral to positive KS3, KS4 and KS5 karmic balance. - Not
easy to do at Nok hook.**

**Then, it requires clean air. Either outside or in dhamma home. - Must
be explored strictly outside, as the room is too dark.**

**Now i\'d love to play between world with Lao9, but cannot (if inside
is excluded)**

**Breaking it down, it comes down to:**

**Find place (dhamma envinronment) - found**

**Create body dhamma position pool - Ease of access, freedom to move,
elbows full support.**

**Create screen position - eyes or above eyes level.**

**Its ok to not have an answer today.**

**Let natural truths be simply natural truths.**

**A body breathing a dusty&polluted envinronment while going for food.**

**A honk of a scooter be just a sound from smoe moving wheels with a
figurine.**

**A sensation be just a sensation.**

**Let it stop at that.**

**Don\'t go in telling stories of the mind and confusing them with
natural truths.**

**Like the fight or flight state while driving in dust.**

**Just as CQ hunting - same activity containing the same natural truths,
can have 2 totally different karmic balance depending on the stories of
the mind.**

**It can be a body in full stress struggling for air and a way out, or
it can be just a body driving, calmly slowing down or stopping it\'s
breath accordingly - while the mind analizes and maps dhamma roads with
cleaner air&cars.**

**Body together with mind.**

**Revelations & Theories - KS2, KS3, KS4 - Full**

**If there are clear X patterns, there most certaintly are Y patterns.**

**KS: Clean Air, dukkha quinched and dhamma cultivated on KS2, 3, 4,
5(\*).**

**KS2: Lotus dhamma position, straight body with no KS2 and KS3 negative
karmic balance.**

**KS3:**

**Stop chasing pain.**

**Another mutual aspect of all. **

**If the pain becomes the focus of the mind, it intensifies it 10x.**

**Eliminate known X pattern, cultivate Y patterns or neutral.**

**And do Nothing. Allow the body to do it\'s bidding.**

**Karmic balance of Sitting outside home chair & leg support and using
computer (writing):**

**Karmic balance: A+5 Q+5(KS4 triggering) **

**Adjusting position by sliding downward: A+6 Q+2.5**

**With almost full elbow support, body calms down when arms no longer
fall into the impulse of lifting off at write-offs.**

**Breath naturally takes the form of between the realms breath,**

**In this natural truth, when i do nothing with the arms, pain goes
close to 0**

**How could i make a dhamma playing/relaxing position at home?**

**The Art Of Hunting.**

**CQ Hunting when done in idle/ai lines way - comes with a flavor of the
fear of losing.**

**Finding something and someone else taking joy in it.**

**Or getting caught cheating.**

**The 2 malls energy in contrast.**

**Scooter honk honk moment - study of natural truths and the stories of
the mind.**

**Body keeps sending a message more and more clear.**

**Free the ankles.**

**Shoes had become no 1 on priority list.**

**\"Can go hug little bit?\" - instant flashback to mom \"Hai sa ne
pupacim umpic\" key mother state coming from need.**

**Need for physical affection. (Absolute Truth - body)**

**And the second language of the mind. The story it tells.**

**\"How can i express my love on other realm?\" -**

**And finally, the language of the soul.**

**I love you beyond body and mind.**

**Whatever the mind tells and the body embodies, i love you. My soul
will forever love your soul. No matter whan happen in the real world.**

**Can KS3 be a direct indicator of Karmic Balance?**

**Because it gets worst in an X computer pattern, but the
people/envinronment/mind&body&soul content definitely play a huge
part).**

**See sitting somehwere beautiful with a person vs alone.**

**See conquer log in and going to the market in the same position.**

**But one is with the fear of getting killed and losing money.**

**The other is without (under lvl 15 account)**

**See hunting with Lao9:**

**One is with the fear of finding something beautiful and losing it from
grasp, for another or the Tao to claim.**

**One is done with a pure heart, in complete content only in one\'s
work. Only in the doing. It was when i first met this state the first
SDB came.**

**Karmic balance - guides everything.**

**The most powerful chakra? Need to read more about this.**

**Body returns close to 100% functionality.**

**The full-hearted awakening last night, together with lotus dhamma KS2
position (Y Pattern), turned the same dukkha filled night wake-up into a
much faster recovery.**

**At 8am fucked Ammy on top of me with no KS2 dukkha, despite back lying
position + 50kg of stomach pressure. Beautiful.**

**At 10 am i can already feel i can stomach sit easily.**

**As home feeling settles, i return to my dhamma activities here.**

**When any doubt and emptyness arise, consult the dhamma activity
list(positive karmic balance) in this envinronment.**

**Then it\'s up to the Magician to choose, adapt, expand, change
envinronment, study what natural truth is preventing dhamma activity.**

**Nok hook feels good, especially outside room.**

**I wonder if i can build a dhamma play envinronment here.**

**Having both fully awakened&standing and fully relaxing&sleeping places
would change everything.**

**The Art Of Mother.**

**Her body speaks so clearly to me about mothering 3 kids.**

**I finally understand it better.**

**The Art Of Mother (granny) coming together with The Art Of
Seduction(Mother).**

**A beautiful trade-off.**

**But her heart is forever young, just as she said.**

**Its beyond words.**

**And i feel that it will forever be so.**

**Slow Down\...**

**The dhamma alarmt pelicanu and i used is not only for talk, but
deeper.**

**Slow down.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Talk with Ammy, it seems indeed a good decision to go work Koh
Phangan. **

**Wait for 24 divorce.**

**Then adapt.**

**Try life as family before, especially for Atom\'s heart.**

**But something beautiful happened in this carrousel.**

**Spend every moment with her like you\'re never gonna part again, and
smile in the face of parting when it happens. And let go. Fully let go
to fully embrace again.**

**25 Dec -**

**Ah.. what a heavy night.**

**Much to learn from it.**

**See beyond the fears.**

**Awakened at 3:47 in fear of the dark.**

**A lot of dukkha was cultivated this day. Unforeseen, uncontrolable.**

**Met death between realms as waking up. Void. Nothingness.**

**When the flesh consumes.**

**Watching Ammy sleep is so beautiful.**

**As she falls in and out of sleep, the dance of conciousness returning
to the stars can be observed.**

**But the body still speaks as conciousness leaves.**

**Falling in and out of Life.**

**And the between worlds realm.**

**In this night i have learned a dhamma lotus sitting position, perfect
just for doing nothing.**

**If doing something with the hands,it instantly affects.**

**Sitting here naked i can see the right line more compressed.**

**Dhamma positions cannot be created in the mind.**

**Just scetched. Than the body adapts.**

**Dhamma resting positions are beyond any personal stories and body
structures damage.**

**If given a choice, everyone would choose, at rest, a dhamma resting
position (a between the realms position for the body to allow the mind
to go between realms)**

**The Art Of Relaxing.**

**Pain guides the quality of life.**

**Is very empty place here, dhamma activity pool is very very limited.**

**For sure cannot stay.**

**I already miss Nok Hook.**

**Yes, the room is dark, but everything else is beautiful.**

**More \"fighting\" with Ammy as I learnt about she asking for money
from Italy guy.**

**This little soul is so hurt.**

**All she wanted to do was protect her son. Not make him upset, not make
him bad feeling..**

**And what she got.. she got the opposite.**

**All she did in suffering turned out to be wrong.**

**I never seen this little soul hurt so.**

**Holding this soul in my arms as she slowly cries one thing becomes
clear.**

**Fuck money. Keep her close. Open coffee shop.**

**Maybe go there live with her and Tommy a little while.**

**Take Tomtom to school**

**The Dream.**

**Its time? Only concern could be Israel man? 1%.**

**-Karmic Balance in Action-**

**Oh god.. beautiful air.**

**Bean bags.**

**Quietness.**

**A bit too far if living as 2 for riding.**

**As back pain cultivates more because of pc time and cold floor, more
the quality of life drops.**

**Riding scooter there: A+2 (good, quiet ride), Q+9 (ride in 2 upping to
2h exposure time in KS3 X pattern)**

**Half hour around the house karmic balance: A+1 Q+9(walking, cold
floor, restless)**

**Smoking in dukkha position: A+3 Q+9(KS3 X pattern)**

**Finding compromised laptop position, with LBP spikes at every arm
lift-off, for 15-20 min: A+1 Q+9(KS3 X pattern)**

**Beginning to eat, struggling to find good position: A+2(food was
tasty) Q+9 (KS4 X pattern)**

**Body naturally adapting to dhamma position: A+5(addressing KS4 X
pattern) Q+8(eating at night chips&yoghurt)**

**Stopping eating after first bite of croissant: A+9 Q+0**

**Talk with Ammy. Her body looks so damaged. My poor girl had such such
hard few days.**

**Lets give her understanding.**

**She understands too.**

**They were fighting.**

**Initial mam gandit sa nu intru in intimitatea familiei, dar ce plm, ca
eu le platesc si casa si salaru la guster 😂😂.**

**Walked in and sat on bed with family.**

**Cupcake moment so funny.**

**What she considered so critical to do.**

**Do lonly and iron for Atom 😂😂❤️.**

**Is this not the same reason you want her to mother your children ?**

**He really is everything to her in the same way as you are, but
different flavor.**

**What a wordling thing to do.**

**Ammy is arriving soon.**

**Lets play.**

**LE: NOT.**

**She went her home, i misunderstood.**

**Because i did not tell her my plan and presumed she meant shes coming
here, and because she didn\'t tell me hers in her hiding self (which
greatly triggers me as it\'s a being going against the family).**

**It seems again that when left alone, she loses it.**

**Makes me want to back out in the light that it seems she cannot
change.**

**All of this could have been avoided very simply.**

**Like every fight thats crosses the play threshold.**

**See online messenger limitations and beings. Kill the ones fighting
by.. CALL.**

**A 2 minute fix to a 1 hour drama.**

**She thinks the same.**

**The fucking guy called her on boat. **

**Oh, the story my mind told. The story my father echos in me told,
putting worst first.**

**So then in this story comes the question of.. did she stop
believing/change, or did you stop believing?**

**Smoking.**

**Karmic balance: Highly dependent on envinronment.**

**But in dhamma envinronment: A+8 Q+4 (stomach acid if paired with
night\'s programming, as smoking is programmed before eating huge
meals)**

**Enjoyed in the morning/afternoon with dhamma meal and with a positive
karmic balance (especially regarding breathed air this day) it can be
kept from rising.**

**Understanding body\'s whole digestive system, so you can find the
flaw/s and reprogram it is no easy task.**

**When done with truth-discerning awareness, it becomes one of the most
complicated systems.**

**Just as Back pain.**

**But when beginning to understand it, it seem to return back to
simplicity.**

**The mountain are once again mountains and the rivers are once again
rivers.**

**The body must obey nature before it obeys the mind.**

**Enjoy your life.**

**Back to Nok Hook.**

**Excited to leave this leave this place.**

**Its clear, clear, clear dukkha in room.**

**The more awareness, the more it can be seen.**

**Everything starts in the foot.**

**Foot first contact with floor and ground energy is a great part of
=.**

**Body\'s connection to earth. It is no trivial thing.**

**It had played a beautiful part in the world.**

**But lets move on.**

**The North-East of Surrat thani awaits.**

**Just as changing neighborhoods in Cluj.**

**From center to edge of forest in Floresti 20 years ago. 5-6 min
drive.**

**But this doesn't bring dukkha anymore with new driving skill
aquired.**

**Lets see.**

**About 1000 BHT per night, but the envinronment is priceless.**

**Dhamma home Cannot be quantified in money.**

**The Art of Home contains the Magician's skill to find a dhamma home in
dhamma budget.**

**In your conception.. she continues to hide and speak in half-words. So
you punish her for it last night. Not punish, but match her vibration.**

**Although anything i'd say at these times falls short. Only reflects
her already created creation.**

**This is when calls came into play back home.**

**Power of a call. It speaks more languages than messages. Of course,
still far from the language of truth, real meeting.**

**Make stupid decision of working 1 more day if she was gonna quit.**

**This is all in my creation.**

**But in hers, she felt great dukkha, had to find a way out alone (no
money from me), misses me, misses Tommy, struggles with new job in
Phangan.**

**Great great storm.**

**Perhaps this little soul didn\'t deserve to be punished with more
dukkha for how her actions look in my creation.**

**But see Her.**

**SEE HER. - Perhpas The greatest criteria in relationships.**

**Its all in the story the mind tells. But if the other persons doesn\'t
speak the language of truth, it becomes polluted.**

**All in all, she still chose the same pattern.**

**It triggers me everytime when she doesn\'t speak the full truth.**

**Koh Phangan cross-road in new year\'s approach.**

**Ammy changing jobs to Phangan from 26.**

**I am facing a cross-road. She is too.**

**What is new year, but a social concept, just as christmas.**

**A worlding drama.**

**For sure i will not partake it\'s circus into paying 30.000 for a
decent home in the dark side of Koh Phangan.**

**(New year + Full moon\'s party in 5 Jan).**

**So then, koh phangan opens it\'s doors for me once again after 6
Jan.**

**See you then, sticky Island.**

**If the stars allow.**

**Canadian family (one canadian married thai woman and had 2 sons).**

**18 years later.. they\'re visiting.**

**Wife is at beauty saloon.**

**Beautiful.**

**Came to commoners - change of envinronment air.**

**Spending the whole morning in the middle of the city and half of it,
in a dark cold home- affected all my systems.**

**Body calming down..**

**Whole systems calming down.**

**Amazing.**

**Koh phangan(10) and koh lanta(7) envinronment. House, air, energy.**

**Surrat thani Nok hook home is around 3-4.**

**Found beautiful, beautiful, beautiful home near the river at the edge
of city.**

**Lets check it out for one night then decide.**

**Koh Phagan is also in vision for next.**

**24 Dec -**

**An awful night\'s sleep at nok hook.**

**A sickened stomach and back pain allow me a glimpse into life's
secrets.**

**Everyhing its energy. Its so clear.**

**Everything you breath, touch. The clothes touching your body, the
pants squeezing.**

**The dukkha white heavy blanket.**

**The dukkha pillows.**

**Previously i've disregarded this could have anything to do with back,
stomach or sleep dukkha.**

**But here i stand clearly mistaken.**

**Just upon touching it there is dukkha cultivated more in all
systems.**

**Just being in this room, breathing it, consuming any part of it -
brings clear sickness to all systems - starting with the breath-body and
stomach.**

**The natural truth which is the body coming in contact with the natural
truth that the pillow - and together they form the natural truth of the
binding together.**

**The dukkha room. Its a dark room, closed, cold floor, dead walls.**

**All these play a huge part in = and most definitely affect all Kayas
and kaya sankharas. (Sleep, back pain, stomach pains, feeling with Ammy
\*see the feeling of hugging her in koh lanta feeling vs here\* )**

**Everything is energy. Mind the continuous binding of = with the
environment.**

**For this environment, spend time as possible in house.**

**And leave soon. There is great dukkha inside these walls.**

**Its why you can't stand to play inside without sickening.**

**Fuck money.**

**Respecting body natural truth is priceless.**

**This all comes together in The Art Of Home.**

**Contemplated going to Commoenrs today.**

**I\'m tired and body needs rests.**

**Many times when the pain reaches a peak, the best thing to do is to
simply avoid any hard X patterns - and live.**

**Revelations & Theories - KS2 - KS3 - KS4 - applies to all dukkha.**

**Air is another absolute truth with great, great pondering on KS2.**

**At night\'s wake\'s it becomes very clear upon a breath of fresh air
and returning home - the realisation of low air quality when back home.
There must be air and weed&other smells must be left outside.**

**Applies just as much to KS3 and KS4.**

**Another absolute truth is that if you take a model of the
fascia-structural body in gravity - the first thing you\'d want to do it
pull up from the head.**

**Before anything else, any release or specific
activations&corrections.**

**Pull the top of the structure up, and the structure naturally
alligns.**

**How?**

**The Art Of Decompressing.**

**Breath guides the decompression. Fascial tension holds it together
after the breath returns to normal.**

**Another natural truth is what comes in contact with body under the
natural truth which is gravity.**

**Clothes, bed, chairs, everything. Everything impacts. Nothing is
lifeless. There is no body and external object/s. Its their coming
together.**

**If i did not observe the ulnar 4 years chronic pain clearly be
conditioned by clothes material and tightness, i could not have believe
this.**

**Its a mystical experience.**

**To feel the binding and conditioning of everything.**

**Revelations & Theories - T-Spine pain - KS4**

**Just as i wrote about it being gone and not knowing exactly why, it
comes back.**

**Pretty high pain levels throughout yesterday&today.**

**Same approach as KS2 and KS3.**

**What are the absolute truths?**

**From these, What is the X-Pattern?**

**The mother X-father seems to be the sitting position - shortened front
line with breaking point in T-spine. Again, flexion and right line
compression.**

**More so, the X pattern seems to be computer time. Its an absolute
truth that message intensifies with dukkha positions sitting. A
combination of T-spine kinetic pressure, flexion and right line
compression.**

**It\'s a very different flavor than KS3.**

**KS3 clearly involves more/some structure then tension/fascia.**

**In KS4, riding the scooter brings up pain both ways -**

**In accelerating - with front line holding trunk from going back.**

**And in Breaking - with back line holding body from going forth.**

**In this, i\'d suggest the Be Water approach on scooter. Bend with the
forces.**

**But don\'t let it distract you too much, along with other little
scenarios which would normally not hurt.**

**Even walking sends a signal with each hip flexion as the leg moves
forward and breaks. (especially left one)**

**Again, both front line activation with hip flexion and back line
activation with breaking.**

**Both coming down on = current weak link.**

**Beautiful.**

**Also breathing is affected by KS4 dukkha, especially in X pattern
variations.**

**Based on my instinct, it feels that this is a protruted disk, very
similar but very different than the lumbar herniated ones.**

**Here is more about fascia together with structure, not the other way
around.**

**Still, the Natural Truth of Gravity applies the same. It pushes the
disc material backwards in X patterns - and the whole body alarms.**

**Its still, at every moment, a dance with gravity.**

**= Dance with Gravity.**

**And nature comes to life..**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Karmic balance = Activities & conditionings carried around previous
lifes inter-changing with each birth&death.**

**A= Positive/Dhamma karmic balance**

**Q= Dukkha/Negative karmic balance**

**Positive Karmic Balance si respecting the natural truths, flowing
along together with it.**

**Negative Karmic Blance is not respecting the natural truths and the
consequences of it.**

**Positive and negative karmic balance grading does not reflect the =
state, but reflects how that activity impacts =. Is = respecting the
natural through before, during and after performing the action?**

**If a positive karmic balance is kept throughout the day, a feeling of
great content at the end of the day arises, without anything special
happening.**

**\"I have lived my day full-heartedly. There is not suffering.\"**

**It happens at each second.**

**The continous carrying of previous lifes dukkha together with the
current one.**

**Once seen beyond the "I"s, one can tap into it and played with.**

**See it before, while and after it\'s happening.**

**Wake up with KS2 dukkha but to tired to rise, so run back to sleep:
A=0, Q=9**

**Eating pandan custard with milk, not respecting the dhamma food tests:
A=3 (births feelings of content, end of desire, freedom), Q=8**

**Eating avocado smoothie: A=9, Q=0**

**Fight Ammy: A=2(its fun), Q=5 (the play is just as real for the
body)**

**Laptop reflections and smoke on comfortable, elbow supported position
: A=8, Q=1-2 (LB&T-spine potential pain if position is not top top
top)**

**Laptop reflections and smoke on uncomfortable position(Koh Lanta ex.):
A=3 (cannot go into developer mode because of tension, cannot relax),
Q=7**

**Checking CQ market to not selling anything in a tensioned position:
A=0, Q=3**

**Getting rejected by Snook: A=2, Q=4**

**Desperately searching for a playing position in agony: A=2, Q=9**

**Smoking excess: A=1, Q=8**

**Right now sitting outside on laptop as nature comes to life: A=8,
Q=2**

**Mind to note strictly on how the activity impacts =, not on = present
state (as this carries the karmic balance from previous lifes).**

**Current Karmic Balance.**

**(Life Force graph from Viorel\'s teachings/Frequency scale/Map of
Conciousness by David R. Hawkings)**

**Same activity, in the same place can be 2 different experiences, evo
tho the karmic balance of the activity itself remains unchanged.**

**Acumulating from birth, but with the highest bidding in the last
day/s, Overall karmic balance reflects body&mind functionality.**

**When positive, body&mind are operating close to 100% functionality.**

**The body is doing it\'s dhamma work.**

**The mind is doing it\'s dhamma work.**

**The body&mind are together.**

**It\'s a point in the X-Y graph where X is time and Y is karmic
balance.**

**One can study the past with great awareness and courage -
understanding the suffering and searching the way back to the natural
truth.**

**One can study the present with even greater awareness - Beyond
body&mind. Starting to see beyond the \"I\" allows one to be a simple
spectator of the karmic balance. Awaken after 1 hour and notice the
body&mind eating of milk custard even tho it knows the Karmic
Balance(A+0, Q+9).**

**Finally, one can alter the present moment karmic balance when there is
no more \"I\".**

**Only nature respecting nature.**

**The closer the karmic balance gets to neutral/negative - the more one
is unable to change and resorts back to programming.**

**In simple words, Chef.**

**The Efortless state.**

**The closer one gets to a positive karmic balance, everything starts
becoming efortless and one enters the state of Wu Wei.**

**I can do this, exactly what i\'m doing.**

**Or i can squat down. Or i can stop and do and stop and do anything
contionusly, while enjoying life just as much.**

**Awaken 3:33.**

**Not afraid of the dark anymore.**

**A dhamma sitting straight position would help, but i manage.**

**Waking up at night with a heavy KS2, i notice that gravity plays the
biggest role.**

**If awaken, there is only one way to address the already created
dukkha.**

**Rise, sit straight, water, move. This is the Wisdom is Action Jedi
Master when awakening.**

**Of course, this is only the karmic balance from the last 3-4 meals.**

**Why food is so hard to re-program? **

**Any programming requires one to see the world with truth-discerning
awareness.**

**Then the faulty programming can be seen, going against these natural
truths.**

**Only then can wisdom in action happen, and enter Developer Mode at the
time of eating and the after-conditionings.**

**But food numbs and quickly takes out the body from Developer mode.**

**Only a peak of bad emotions, fears, pains or simply ignorance of the
programming - can make in 5 minutes developer mode inaccesible for
hours.**

**Then it\'s futile - and one is back to default programming.**

**Developer mode:**

**When natural truths are discerned and understood, change can happen.**

**24 Dec -**

**Fall asleep 10pm with slight dukkha on KS2 as i Lay down (after a
while).**

**Awaken 11pm with CQ running and KS2 heavier. Instant body programming
reflex to go eat. Instant.**

**I manage to somehow convince myself that it won\'t hurt. The pandan
custard + milk.**

**Its ok little padawan.**

**The mind can\'t go to developer mode in this state.**

**Body&Mind re-programming can only happen in Developer mode.**

**Developer mode: calm stomach, no food for the last 3-4 hours - only
water.**

**Home 7pm. Smoke and strawberry protein milkshake.**

**KS2 has been slightly/modeorately upset after blueberry tart dessert
after green curry.**

**Both food flavors and stomach alchemy impact can be felt.**

**The dessert clearly made KS2 heavy, even after 1-2 hours - Note that
this is in upward position fully awakened.**

**Imagine happening at night.**

**But i feel pretty relaxed now, don\'t have any urge to eat.**

**Merry Christmas, Lao.**

**Enjoy your gifts. And good work.**

**Another 100k hunt complete.**

**Man.. what a journey. It took me through so many states and lessons.**

**Moral.. the body\'s a beautiful beautiful AI and will adapt after
sufficient data reading.**

**Playing CQ and thinking - allows me to see the food impact from a
Natural truth point of view, beyond the fears and stories of the
\"I\".**

**Because for those moments, the body is relaxed and the mind plays the
life of Lao\'s family.**

**The blueberry tart brought clear dukkha, even tho while eating i felt
i could definitely eat more and enjoy.**

**But after 15 min, i was so glad i stopped. 20 min even more.**

**1 hour later the green curried started to echo.**

**In this madness, i disovered a new Art Of Playing fully awakened in
reality, not between worlds.**

**The mind working patterns.**

**Its strangely satisfying to use the mind for understanding conqur
coordonates.**

**I never took the patience and intent to do it.**

**Anyway.. let the body adapt by the Tao.**

**Let the mind enjoy the Christmas Hunt.**

**A lot of stress build up from T-spine message.**

**How to play without triggering this.. hmmm.**

**Fascinating how now, with T-spine triggered, the mind completely
ignored the low back when riding.**

**Adapt, Adapt, Adapt.**

**Cannot find dhamma position. Struggle hard and restless.**

**Adapt.**

**Create outside playing position while standing/living.**

**And inside playing position for deep relaxation and sleep. (Currently
side lying bed)**

**The Art Of Playing.**

**I can feel the intimate, stressful continuous dance with gravity as i
Play and cannot find a sweet spot for elbow.**

**Whole body tensions in right arm line, same yesterday.**

**Playing while standing/doing stuff is another kind of play.**

**It allows one to return to CQ hunt, alternating activities.**

**But is it no dhamma playing position.**

**This is the Main Quest for now.**

**If you can find/create dhamma position (Same in home living, home
chair, Ludus) - then you can truly relax in peace.**

**Lets keep playing.**

**I know is no easy game, my friend.**

**Oh fuck.. how much dukkha this brought.**

**Waves and waves of dukkha, pain in any pattern.**

**Stress, stress, stress.**

**The art of playing - post digestion and air.**

**Poverty.. i have known poverty more than half my life.**

**That is nothing new and forcing it would still be out of fear to prove
that YOU don't fear it.**

**It sucks, man. Having the freedom to do what you want. It really
sucks.**

**Like a dangerous dog, its natural to have fear response.**

**It is up to one's = if that fear turns into power and wisdom in action
or into a rabbit hole of suffering and running.**

**The poor man play.**

**Zhou.**

**Survive&Enjoy with the money you have left for 3 days. Until 27 Dec
12:24pm.**

**Until 31 Dec 12:24 is Jedi Master Level.**

**Lets play. Really play the art of poorness.**

**Lets see how scary it really is.**

**You have home. Bike. Gas. Weed.**

**You may also have a monitor bonus.**

**Lets play.**

**Either alone or in togetherness (even harder)**

**Beautiful gym experience.**

**After 5 minutes the body asked for walk, not inside playground. So
left.**

**The padawan levels up - the playground becomes much more than looks
and protein.**

**Maan.. the tingling sensation in the low back then the X pattern is
addressed is truly beautiful.**

**Healing.. the Mountains are once again Mountains and the rivers are
once again rivers.**

**Just as in childhood cuts.**

**In all this beautiful studies and experiences, don\'t forget to have
some fun.**

**Share a smile, be it to a dhamma soul or a motherfucker.**

**Make a joke only you understand.**

**I am, after all, the funniest guy i know.**

**People don't say things that make you feel good and more importantly,
they are not interested in discussing the natural truth.**

**They are interested in telling stories for themselves, to feel
better.**

**The worldlings.. and in this process, the spiritual enlightenment
dellusion sometimes births.**

**It's what ruined religions.**

**Straining away from the Natural Truths.**

**Dhamma Friend is a person who wants to speak the language of truths,
not deceptions.**

**Seeing everyday the perfectly long neck coffee guy together with
seeing my default upper body posture in nok hook mirrors and videos,
makes me study deeper.**

**Beyond my fears, perfectionism and imagining of dark scenarios, what
are the natural truths here?**

**\*Perfectionism () Greatness. Perfectionism is seek for greatness
fueled by inner fears.**

**Revelations & Theories - KS3(a kaya from the kaya system) - Low back
pain**

**Absolute truths.**

**It is an absolute truth that the head is currently programmed
fascially&musculary to be forward.**

**Pulling it back&up brings up a similar tingling sensation to low back
as when eliminating the X pattern.**

**Omg.. together with slight left line tension, the tingling increases -
if = can be kept in alkaline state.**

**If = enters a stressful and acidic envinronment, tingling
dissapears.**

**It is an absolute truth (gravity) that this forward upper structure
pulls on the whole system.**

**\*Now the conditioning between riding with heavy helmet and pain can
clearly be seen.**

**Beyond theory. Pure experience and understanding of natural truths,
beyond the stories of the mind.**

**Gravity is the only natural truth in terms of structural and muscular
body signals. (Pains).**

**So then for every person, 50% of the = dance with gravity - is an
absolute truth.**

**Herniated discks&stomach issues super micro-nished course ?**

**Revelations & Theories - KS2 - Stomach**

**Absolute truths.**

**Is it an absolute truth that in 95% of night there is over-eating on
dukkha food, on slight variations.**

**It is an absolute truth that this has happened for the last 4-5 years.
And it is an absolute truth that life still went and goes on.**

**It is an absolute truth that the body current programming is to expect
high amounts of dukkha food at evening.**

**This is the scariest thing about the KS2+KS3 combination.**

**Awakening to a very tired body who doesn\'t have energy to even go
outside for a fresh air, but just wants to sleep.**

**But cannot sleep. Any laying down will greatly hurt KS2.**

**So then? Any sitting down will hurt KS3.**

**Then what u do ? Clinge desperately to the end of pain and the
morning.**

**This is where home CQ + dhamma computer sitting position came into
play. It solved the greatest clinging.**

**No matter what time i would wake up or more so, the evening dhamma
activities pattern, i can perform dhamma activity for hours. So then the
evening over-eating instantly stopped.**

**Clinging to the morning ritual, sun, coffee, reflecitons, calming
down. A beautiful dhamma activity, but the mind clinges desperately for
this.**

**Today i solved this problem.**

**Whatever the time, if karmic balance is negative and gives rising to
this state, i fully awaken and begin the day.**

**No matter what time - Water. Air. Move.**

**Get out, ride the air, buy 7eleven coffee and begin your day. Roll
one, reflect, play, write about it.**

**Do it sleepy.**

**It is a natural truth that this state is a perfect example of body
conflict.**

**The body wants to sleep, but it cannot lie down due to stomach
inflamation. Just as a wound in the hand.**

**Or first tattoo night.**

**Revelations & Theories - KS2 - Stomach**

**Its together. - Beyond theory.**

**Body (natural truths) and the mind (vedana-citta conditioning).**

**Its why in nights with mind karmic balance 9-10, but body food 3-4 - a
good restful sleep follows.**

**Together.**

**Its the only way the inter-changeable data ouput can be explained with
same output.**

**If you study this with a rational mind, only looking at the body(food
habits) - nothing will make sense and one will go mad.**

**Together.**

**Same goes with KS3. Just like any**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**I've wounded you my friend, but let me heal you - dhamma chanting.**

**Found night dhamma activity, for when awakened by KS2.**

**Before this, there was no dhamma activity in this state of cannot go
back to sleep because it will make it worse.**

**Have to wait until 8am for dhamma acitivity pool to open.**

**Always, i just wanted to do something to pass time until 8.**

**But tonight, this changed.**

**I can apply RAW and no matter the time of night, i truly awaken. No
more running back between worlds and to sleep.**

**Take 7 eleven coffee.**

**Move.**

**Slow sip the coffee and talk with Spinu.**

**(Quality of coffee can be increased)**

**Fully Begin the day.**

**Do not await anything, for that is instant clinging.**

**Instant birth to 8am common coffee.**

**Feel the sunrise in body before seeing it. Without awaiting it or
doing anything.**

**It happens by itself.**

**A truly beautiful symbol of Wu Wei.**

**Do nothing and feel life emerging.**

**An absolute truth.**

**The smile.**

**This also asks attention to the other end.**

**The tear. Evening. Sun setting. Death emerging.**

**An absolute truth.**

**Again, this will also happen without any of your doing.**

**But this symbols also come together just as true in Breathing.**

**Every breath in is a sun rise. A smile. And an absolute truth.**

**Every breath out a sunset. A tear. And an absolute truth.**

**In my stomach, in my mind.**

**23 Dec -**

**Awakened at 2:30 AM from granny very angry&upset dream.**

**Haven\'t awoken this early since Koh Lanta great feast.**

**Feel again, KS2 sickness - not so much tho. But also great
tiredness.**

**I want to sit straight at computer now, but finding a position in this
tiredness is not easy.**

**I create some incline sitting position on the wall and alternate (70%
inclined, 30% sitting straight)**

**This makes KS2 much, much worse.**

**I don\'t even feel of going outside, although i know from before that
first medicine is air. Too tired.**

**I soon realize there really is no lying down at this state. Must
rise.**

**Slow drive to park, batteries and coffee (purpose).**

**Dog threatening experience in park.**

**I slow sip a milk coffee with Spinu, while writing - at 6 am.**

**KS2 slowly calms but still very heavy.**

**Now, what went so wrong?**

**The 10pm smoke? For sure impacted**

**Ammy\'s dukkha and aloneness? Maybe**

**5x Hokkaido milk bread ? For sure impacted**

**Almond strawberry milk? For sure impacted **

**Granny constellation? Maybe**

**Little sip of milk? Slight impact**

**Now, which of these are natural truths and which are stories of the
mind - altering vedana and body alchemy?**

** The stories of the mind can be instantly changed. Like all this
dukkha being the body re-programming because of much less food&milk at
night.**

**It secreted gastric acid in preparation for the already programmed
night, but the night did not happen so.**

**This paired with the stomach hernia glitch gave rise to great
dukkha.**

**What then?**

**Nothing. Keep re-writing day patterns into more dhamma food and night
pattern into less food, especially dukkha.**

**Then the re-programming will happen.**

**There must be pain before the heal.**

**Body must un-learn to secret great gastric acid for
milk,sugar,flour,oils - at night - which because of the glitch run up
and hurt the esophagus, inflaming the whole system.**

**I already know the default programming - 1k+ calories at night, right
before sleep, is flawed.**

**Yes the body works and recovers everyday more strong.**

**Like a cut on your arm each day. And being afraid that something more
life-threatening will develop from that cut. The cut hurts and prevents
you from using the mouse, but the fear hurts more.**

**One way to address it is to guide, re-program the body to start
secreting so much powerful acidic variations.**

**As late afernoon and evening come, enter programming mode and code, my
friend.**

**The inside re-programming.**

**The outside re-programming consists of habbits and external world
input.**

**Wim Hof, other calming techniques and plays, short workout for the
after state and sending a message to body - it\'s not time to eat.**

**Takeaway: If awoken by karmic balance of previous day&night there is
only one thing to do now.**

**Rise. Air. Water. Movement.**

**Before any fears, dukkha reflections and unknowns rise - RAW must be
addressed first.**

**The dhamma answer and natural truths cannot be studied in this
state.**

**Fuck.. it did not go as planned.**

**As pillow slided under bed together with mouse hand tension - the
sitting pos. brought t-spine pain and restlessness.**

**Anyway, i\'m too tired to do anything now.**

**Had 2 little-mod servings of Hokkaido bread with almond milk and
little milk - parted by time.**

**Thats it.**

**Well of course i have to consider the meal before. Pretty big life
farm tofu sala with acai dressing. Not too easy in the grand scheme.**

**When i got home at evening, before any hokkaido and milks, stomach was
already inflamed. Alerady heavy.**

**About milk, its worth doing the dhamma food test 3 (after 12h of pause
and returning to 100%, test milk+little dessert)**

**As i lay down on computer i realize.. am re-creat locul de acasa la
care tot visam.**

**My living room great invention.**

**Where sleep was literally one moment away - of purely letting the
mouse go.**

**Beautiful.**

**Almost. Alllmost.**

**What something yesterday evening seemed unsolvable and brought dukkha,
today greatly increased.**

**Now: Spine is comfortable without X pattern - first criteria**

**Mouse comfortable without X pattern - second**

**Left hand keyboard Relaxed - elbow supported beautifully by pillow.**

**Freedom. - before first criteria**

**But the interswitch from mouse to full keyboard control cannot happen
yet.**

**This limits computer activities somewhat. Same as home.**

**Going to sleep elevated tonight.**

**And try to awaken if KS2 calls.**

**Mind the world of computer, my friend.**

**Its much more than games.**

**Ok my friend, not gonna lie.**

**I want to eat despite all the stories.**

**I get out to get food - its my favorite night purpose really - the
relaxing.**

**I said that i\'ll eat just little sips and play.**

**For this to happen, there must really be little sips.**

**Strawberry milk or milk?**

**Just one thing - don\'t eat & watch tv series.**

**Food is not even enjoyed.**

**Now i don\'t crave that, as today i have found taht body full
relaxation in conquer.**

**Home 5 pm.**

**Life farm extreme dhamma food.**

**I need nothing else.**

**Fuck money - with 600 i cover the whole day. And the experience is
priceless.**

**Lets play.**

**Again, the Art of Sitting comfortably with this body requires Freedom
to move.**

**It is imperative.**

**Also, legs weight must be considered. If not, they may anchor on low
back (or t-spine, depending on =).**

**Dhamma gym session.**

**Free to play.**

**First part: Relaxing, truly relaxing, picturing the low back discs
moving and fascial system binding together with it.**

**Then balance, skill, slow&controlled complex movements like pull-ups
and handstand.**

**It seems that the handstand LBP trigger.**

**KS3 X pattern involves: Compression on front side of the disc, pushing
material backwards.**

**This is best happening in shortened front line \<-\> lumbar and
t-spine flexion. Most triggering in lumbar flexion, t-spine flexion and
L4-L5 vertebrae posterior shift.**

**One thing is clear tho.**

**The mind\'s part.**

**At any point, the mind&body AI can spontaneously regress if the system
considers it needs/or really wants to do so (hot girl example,
manipulation of other energies).**

**If the mind is Chasing Pain, it becomes the inclination of my
awareness.**

**And in this aliveness of kaya and kaya sankharas, KS3 will always be
alive.**

**Just as KS2.**

**If the mind objective is to KILL and eradicate, it creates a
never-ending glitch.**

**The more i open my eyes to it, the more i see it everywhere.**

**Unecessary waves of energy taken by low back when the hands, legs
could aid.**

**The Art Of Computer.**

**Greatest X Pattern.**

**The most golden rule is that the elbows must be relaxed. And as close
to the body as possible.**

**Apply this to all relaxed X patterns.**

**Only a year ago i discovered Chi-Cafe.**

**A year ago, and it feels like I have lived a full life.**

**Cheers to Life.**

**The Art of Healing.**

**Find the X pattern. Study it beyond the \"I\". Learn it\'s absolute
truths and conditionings.**

**Then keep it from arising while not giving focus to it.**

**But play. Play Life.**

**Take T-spine pain. Left ulnar pain. Relationship with women/love
enlightment. Freedom to live/express.**

**The dancer arises.**

**The music(programming) is playing.**

**I see it all now. The = dancing on Natural truth\'s music.**

**It comes down to only 2 things, which are to be contemplated
continously.**

**A cat guarding from the 2 rats.**

**They will keep coming every day and night. Until the cat stops them a
few times. Scratches and makes threatening sounds at them when then
show. Even chases them out if they manage to get in.**

**Never let them run freely in house, damaging it.**

**The first rat comes from the X pattern of the natural truth gravity
together with another natural truth - body\'s structural components and
muscular/fascial system.**

**Soon as the KS3 X pattern arises the cat can prevent rat multiple
ways.**

**Not do it. Do something else outside X pattern. Adapt position, create
slight core stability, talk (core activation), sing - depending on X
pattern variation.**

**The \"I\" ignoring the clear natural truth of low back hurting
together with many deep fears must not be allowed to birth. He will also
always try to bring his good friend to life, KS3 dukkha. (The Savior)**

**The second rat comes from training away from dhamma food. Each time
you strain, the \"I\" births.**

**Karmic balance coming from this continous dance.**

**Lets play.**

**Note that this current dancer and cat, no matter how flawed - they\'re
working.**

**The body weight is balanced, the body is strong, calm, fast, stable,
the mind is pure, clean, living in sincere effort and dhamma at many
times.**

**More so, everyday knowledge about life\'s secrets springs.**

**The resembles between KS2(Stomach) and KS3(Low back pain) is
astonishing.**

**Evening/Night dukkha meal bringing great stomach hurting (body natural
truth) + great pleasure = Tenerife motorcycle white bike (body natural
truth) + a very hot girl.**

**Everynight She comes looking fucking ecstatic on that motorcycle and
invites you to ride with her for a while in the city of bangkok.**

**The more time the better.**

**She doesn\'t care about your pain, so she\'s relaxing and pushing more
into your fragile low back with each break.**

**Each second is both ecstatic and excruciating - as she wants to drive
across the night city of bangkok to meet her friends.**

**She is on her phone and pushing down on my fragile back more with each
break. She knows she could release the tension in the motorcycle tank,
but she enjoys hurting me. More than passing feelings, more than a
superficial cut.**

**A deep cut in my body\'s most intimate structure.**

**She constantly taps me and tells me to hurry.**

**The air is fucking awful. The mechanical tension is excruciating.**

**She doesn\'t want me to stop not even for a second, just have to keep
and keep driving in this agony.**

**Oh man, but she\'s ecstatic.**

**The smell, the sexual energy.. the chewing of gum. Her beautiful legs
and feet. How un-sexual she\'s touching my back.**

**I never felt this pain before. The longer i ride, the more feels like
the body breaking down.**

**She doesn\'t like me to talk or sing, which would somewhat help.**

**Just endure. But she doesn\'t give me anything good. Not any love.**

**After driving her there to meet her lover, she leaves me alone and in
excrutiating pain.**

**She had wrecked me and she slips his dick into her without even
looking back.**

**Later she calls me, awakening me from sleep, calling me to bring her
condoms.**

**I only gaze at her beauty for 5 minutes, then again i am left alone,
in more agony. (Heavy night panic meals)**

**As morning comes, the mistress of the night disspears. With great
damage done. I fear her more than anything.**

**I live my day fully, slowly recovering and getting back to 100%
functionality.**

**But i know as soon as the night comes, the mistress will come again.**

**Every night, embodying the ultimate Blonde Bangkok girl mother-image -
waiting on the back of the motorcycle.**

**The image is ecstatic. I want to go home masturbate thinking about the
exact same vedana i feel every night at different levels - but on a
different mind story.**

**On this story. Meet her, but in a world of fantasy, not reality.**

**Create the same vedana through fantasy, not absolute truth (food).**

**Revelations and Theories - KS2 - LBP**

**Time to talk absolute truths.**

**The X pattern.**

**Revelations and Theories - KS3 - Stomach pains**

**Time to talk absolute truths.**

**The X pattern.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Natural Truths.**

**More and more, i awaken to the experience of both KS2 and KS3.**

**And the natural truths holding them together.**

**When does a chronic pain/dukkha completely vanish?**

**1.Never, but after sufficient study in both theory and experience, one
can keep it fully from arising.**

**So it doesn\'t completely vanish, but it never births. (or births very
briefly - therefore no longer a chronic pain, but like a scrat**

**Or**

**2.When you have fully learnt it\'s secrets.**

**22 Dec -**

**10 pm comes.**

**I\'m tired of playing. Both mental and especially, body. (the 10 pm
I)**

**The mouse hand the only missing piece for dhamma position.**

**I go for night ride & walk - with little purpose of buying some
food.**

**There is great knowledge in action regarding healing/calming the
body.**

**Movement, breath, community.**

**Get back home - playing position brings dukkha because of the mouse
right arm line tension.**

**Eat 1 tundan bread - even tho its clear from first bite it\'s
dukkha.**

**Eat some little pancakes cake - even tho its clear from the First bite
it\'s dukkha.**

**Both with 200 ml milk. I fought this milk urge programming but it had
won tonight.**

**More so, beyond dukkha and dhamma food - is food. Which KS2 will have
to work to digest.**

**This combined with late late hour - with dukkha food choice - with
hara hachi bu slight passing -**

**AND - with a very tired body & nature - A recipe for disaster.**

**Its a natural truth that KS2 will have to secret specific acids to
digest ingested food.**

**This combined with quantity and perhaps, the greatest natural truth -
Gravity(as laying down, especially on back or stomach) - allows the acid
to travel up the esophagus and burn it.**

**I wake at 3:50 am.**

**There is clear damage to esophagus tract.**

**KS2 asks to get up and change the natural truth of gravity. To allow
the acid to go back into stomach.**

**But at the same time, the body is very tired. The 100k hunt was far
from easy.**

**This means that there is no energy to walk the night efortless. It
would require great mental energy to push the body beyond natural
limits.**

**To move the body when it wants to rest.**

**So i rise for a little and KS2 calms down. Still, the wound/burn
remains on esophagus.**

**Then lay back down after because i am so tired..**

**Instantly the natural truth (gravity) makes the acid flow again into
the esophagus.**

**But between worlds/in sleep this can somewhat be ignored.**

**Until one point.. i awaken 25 min after. The body is calling my return
to this world from dreams.**

**Like a knife(dukkha food and time) which cuts slowly stopping to cut
(awakening), leaving an open wound slowly healing, but only to soon
after put the knife back (back to horizontal position - sleep).**

**The second wake-up is harder - with more KS2 dukkha - and from Tommy
drowning dream and me trying to save him from between worlds state.**

**Of course..**

**I awaken for 1 hour, it slowly calms. But still the body is so.. so ..
tired.**

**After 1 hour i can lay down without much pain. The gastric acid seems
to have began to slowly absorb.**

**But is still far from back to 100% functionality.**

**Fall back to sleep in beautiful dhamma position.**

**CQ can be the guardian between worlds. **

**I have a feeling that if i get back to the same natural truth, dukkha
will come to KS2.**

**Beautiful, restful sleep - but of course, as felt/expected - i wake 1
hour later with great KS2 dukkha.**

**Again the knife went back into the self-healing wound and cut for the
3rd time.**

**In all wake-ups its clear that more or any comfort food is pure
dukkha. I don\'t even think about it.**

**What a beautiful dance of natural truths, body\'s alchemy story, mind
dreams, feelings, body restfulness&functionality.**

**They can all be observed and studied here.**

**It seems so clear how**

**Natural Truths condition more Natural truth.**

**And the mind is simply telling stories about them all.**

**A dance.**

**The Art of Life.**

**Home 7pm.**

**Only bought boiled grains and corn.**

**Ans avocado shake.**

**I'd rather spend 300 bht in game.**

**It's the same thing.**

**Only doesn't hurt Ks2.**

**Short playground visit.**

**Amazing progression to entering hand stand - and front lever.**

**The 100k is not a challenge.**

**But a study. A dhamma test. Just like the dhamma-food test.**

**For if i can find dhamma positions necessary for 100k, it means that
both KS2 and KS3 dukkha has been addressed.**

**The 100k begins.**

**Far from easy when thinking about the long road ahead.**

**But return to the purpose of a single click.**

**A single breath taken in relaxation.**

**The KS3 pulses can be clearly felt each time the hand just slightly
wants to rise on mouse - despite the vertical compression is somewhat
taken out.**

**This raises a question**

**Lao9, my friend.**

**At 100k you have a Christmas present - the bow.**

**Weed shop experience.**

**First time buying garbage weed then go to my dhamma friend.**

**How he fucked up and got all sweaty.. so funny.**

**Revelations and Theories - KS2 - LBP**

**Time to talk absolute truths.**

**The X pattern.**

**Revelations and Theories - KS3 - Stomach pains**

**Time to talk absolute truths.**

**The X pattern.**

**Dream of aloneness 100K hunt dream persists.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Awaken at 4.**

**Body position is so important IF the stomach is full&working.**

**Its clear and simple friend.**

**THe more dukkha the food, the harder KS2 will work and not work - but
creating Body from food.**

**KS2 is the being who creates Body flesh from food.**

**It is truly powerful and ancient being.**

**There is a weak link in the upper stomach/esophagus - which allows the
gastric acid to come up.**

**It is beyond a name. It is an experience.**

**This is why Evening KS2 play(an absolute truth of turning food into
flesh) and sleep posiitons (gravity - absolute truth) are the 2 Kings of
the KS2 well-being.**

**Park**

**21 Dec -**

** **

**Eat just some milk and 2 desserts.**

**KS2 doesn\'t feel so heavy in awakened state.**

**But as i get into position and start to hunt, sleep comes.**

**Ammy comes soon.**

**Finally Found dhamma position(s).**

**A lot of blankets, wall against the back, computer elevated above eye
level.**

**I instant recognize it.**

**I start to hunt. Man it\'s absolutely beautiful.**

**I feel like i want to do this all day.**

**Makes me dream about the 100k KS hunts.**

**Pure dhamma work.**

**Its not about what I do so much as it is about body being completely
relaxed.**

**More, about it having full freedom to move, slightly change - and
enter-exit efortlessly.**

**It is an Art.**

**The Art Of Relaxing.**

**Bad weed for 1000 BHT.**

**Smelled different - but turned out to be very bad - just like a bad
meal.**

**Bad from a body perspective (abs truth) not effect on mind (
inter-changing, no absolute truth)**

**Fuck it, full let go.**

**There are more than enough money.**

**New home position outside on comfy chair.**

**Need some leg support.**

**Elbows are ok-ish.**

**The Art Of Computer.**

**A dhamma options seems to arise.**

**Laying on stomach, moving around in bed, only with you and laptop on
bed and full freedom.**

**The body finds different positions.**

**Found the ring Lao is going to reborn it and try his luck 2
socketing.**

**Beautiful.**

**Great relief Talk with Ammy.**

**She is the same. Craves time alone.**

**We plan parting for a few days with just as much love.**

**I can\'t wait to miss her - and then to see her again.**

**A tear and a smile.**

**Oh if only i could find a way to play fully relaxed home.**

**Then i would have an answer for this state and evening state.**

**Don\'t forget my friend, no matter how complicated and unsolvable it
seems, there is always the beautiful option of doing nothing.**

**Just stop in a relaxed position.**

**Of course, for this a relaxed KS2 is required.**

**Karmic Balance.**

**Beware of the constant happening.**

**Every breath. Every word. Every movement.**

**The more intimately i get to study the low back, i find a tingling
sensation when an activity happening around X pattern is changed to more
dhamma. ( Like scooter riding or now sliding down the chair to more
elbow support.)**

** **

**The Art Of Life.**

**The Cosu finding.**

**It takes 2 happenings.**

**1.Body content(in movement or in stillness) - Complete body relaxation
or pain free = gravity dance. - dhamma computer positions for mouse
input or mouse/keyboard input, scooter speed driving position, deep high
elevated squat with hands relaxed on knees, side lying**

**2.Mind content - doing something that efortlessly creates mental
images after mental images without great vedana. Just content. Huting in
CQ and playing patterns, playing driving patterns, thinking about life
and plans with free of outcome heart, planning, reflecting life,
relationships, watching people.**

**Temsoft Auto Clicker.**

**The auto-clicker i was looking for. Perfect.**

**Watching youtube videos of CQ brings knowledge and content.**

**Also slight not good enough patterns.**

**The Art of Aloness.**

**Not so easy for aMmy to go home with father.**

**Of course, enterily possible if i want to.**

**The relationship will clinge to the many roles played in it.**

**Even together, i can look at her as a complete stranger.**

**Through the eyes of natural truth, not through the eyes of the
lover/father/friend/family/husband.**

**Therefore, can be completely alone even when together if one feels
to.**

**Snook at gym.**

**Learned her truth. Beautiful.**

**One in a million chance of this unfolding (ignoring ig but still
interested)**

**Started studying KS2 like KS3 - learning about the organs, body, the
process of food and digesting.**

**Because now i only have the experience.**

**Body - mind evening food unsync.**

**One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined
well.**

**Virginia Woolf, A room of One\'s own.**

**Body is asking for a break with Ammy.**

**Aloneness.**

**Without the fear of losing her or going back to Israel, it can be
seen.**

**Lets see.**

**Free to Play.**

**First thing - calm down body & KS2 so light can be shed.**

** **

**Only around 9am KS2 starts to really calm down and return to 100%
functionality.**

**Last night = had similar KS2 next-day dukkha as 2 days before. (the
great hit&run :)))) )**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Awaken at 5.**

**6.5/10 KS2 dukkha.**

**Slept really good considering the crazy drunk i got last night
combined with already sickened KS2.**

**When 6-7 pm comes, its good to have consumed most of daily calories.**

**But what does this imply ?**

**Not eating chips at tv series - i\'m ok with that now. The moement it
became clear its unavoidable dukkha, i let go of the chips efortless.
Have a nice life, motherfuckers.**

**Re-program the body - as now its fully programmed to consume 20-30%
calories in afternoon and 60-70% at night. This is not going to be easy.
It takes sincere effort and dedidcation to re-write.**

**Not eat big amounts of milk&desserts.  **

**The dhamma limit would be around one tundan bun with 200ml milk. Then
full stop. Full full stop. **

**Can you do this? I\'m not sure, it certaintly depends on many.**

**For this to happen, it\'s clear i cannot watch tv series. For it
conditions eating.**

**So i need an activity which doesn\'t condition eating and is part of
dhamma activity pool. (Clean air, comf gravity dance, etc).**

**Also the coming of the night brings many conditionings. Depletion of
energy, depletion of disk material (KS3) - and more.**

**So far in this place, i have playing CQ in a comfortable position.
(Side lying in bed).**

**Need more.**

**Listening to Alan watts and walking & reading are 2 truly dhamma
activities - but i have to consider where and how to fit.**

**The AW must either be happening around 5-6am or 7-9pm. The coming to
life and the coming to death.**

**The between realms of nature. It must be a safe envinronment and clean
air. And the karmic balance at that present moment must come with
sufficient body & mind energy for it to come efortless.**

**Not easy.**

**If you don\'t have an answer to this, you will fall into programming.
Be it faulty or not.**

**Takeaway: Whenever there is any KS2 dukkha, same thing must happen.**

**Study and act upon the conditioners of KS2 dukkha belonging to the
Real world.**

**Food. Water. Time.**

**Morning Ammy.**

**God her smell is fucking amazing when it doesn\'t carry smoke and
pork.**

**Fuck with her. Man i hate the condom.**

**So toxic.**

**But her moaning.. its like its custom made for my body.**

**Even more toxic to go naked dick in her pussy now, where israel was
and came in. Disgust.**

**Doubt with Ammy. Post-cum intensifies this greatly.**

**Doubt rises again with Ammy.**

**Regarding money, age, wordling ways, Tommy, their fitting in romania
in both culture and envinronment.**

**Her holdback to learn new things is triggering.**

**I hate how she keeps falling unconciously into the same faulty
programming.**

**Just like talking to Erik about animals, childs animal stop to play
after they develop the motor skills.**

**It looks like we do the same. (Conceptually - on more than motor
skills)**

**We practice,think, try and play until a program is created. Then it
simply runs. Numbly and uncontrolably unless forced by stronger forces
of the outer/inner world.**

**Some programs are beautiful with a dhamma karmic balance.**

**The Arts.**

**When a program reaches full development (or it runs towards it) - it
becomes an Art Of Life - sufficient knowledge about the inner&outer
world to allow constant dhamma adaptation.**

**Karmic balance = Activities & conditionings carried around previous
lifes inter-changing with each birth&death.**

**A= Positive/Dhamma karmic balance**

**Q= Dukkha/Negative karmic balance**

**Positive Karmic Balance si respecting the natural truths, flowing
along together with it.**

**Negative Karmic Blance is not respecting the natural truths and the
consequences of it.**

**If a positive karmic balance is kept throughout the day, a feeling of
great content at the end of the day arises, without anything special
happening.**

**\"I have lived my day full-heartedly. There is not suffering.\"**

**It happens at each second.**

**The continous carrying of previous lifes dukkha together with the
current one.**

**Once seen beyond the "I"s, one can tap into it and play.**

**Like yesterday\'s night great recovery from KS2 sickness.**

**The Art Of Coffee.**

**The Art Of Riding.**

**The Art of Moving.**

**The Art of Watching the world.**

**The Art of traveling.**

**This is what the Art of Life is.**

**The Art of maintaining a dhamma karmic balance.**

**This is the only thing worth studying.**

**And it can be studied at each and every moment.**

**20 Dec -**

**Must be kept in mind that i didn\'t want for lunch/dinner more
veg&rice or soup.**

**Slow Eat pad thai while talking to Alex. Very beautiful experience.**

**Call a dhamma friend when eating. Eat in community.**

**Oh shit, the whole combination of \"fighting\" ammy, smoking late,
followed by pussy smelling experience, stomach great pressure -
everything gave life to this very sick KS2.**

**Really inflamed. Like 2-3 times in a year.**

**Move. Find some purpose to get out.**

**I go to pharmacy then walk around.**

**The more i move, rotate, expand, stand straight to the Tao, the more
it calms down.**

**But yet a very slow process.**

**After 1 hour i\'m still bloated but feeling better.**

**The only thing in my mind is eating the ordered keto desserts (i hope
dhamma food).**

**But its not.**

**I eat corn puffs, keto cheesecake, pandan bun.**

**I feel bad. I eat to feel better, not of hunger.**

**Its ok, my friend.**

**Takeaway: Smoking at night - diary excess.**

**Home 7 pm.**

**Beautiful dhamma day.**

**Learned a lot about scooter and gravity impact. Low back laptop. The X
pattern on scooter and laptop.**

**The intimate relation to gravity.**

**Eate by heart mostly.**

**Moved by heart.**

**Spoke by heart.**

**The Ammy kicking bug moment.**

**Mastery in movement, yet with no specific training ?**

**Constellation with Snok at gym. I see her.**

**Her body cannot compare to Ammy\'s in this light. Nor her face.**

**But i\'m really curious about this soul, beyond game.**

**She sees my yellow/green eyes.**

**Beautiful soul really stopping to see the world beyond her creation.**

**But her body langauge (both online and offline) seem off.**

**Very good chances she saw my online presence as playboy or man in a
relationship.**

**Which made her take a step back.**

**Same body feelings as any other form of rejection triggering not good
enough feelings. Haha.**

**Like even if its absolutely clear she loved and noticed the body of
Lao and she rejects me from other reasons, the triggers echos strictly
about body&mind come up. Fascinating.**

**But don\'t they nullify each-other in this light?**

**Oh but i remember it activated in the light of bad/boring online
game.**

**That was you, my friend. It peaked regarding sauna and clinging to
sauna together idea. Instant clinge.**

**But what was the absolute truth in her creation? There is no absolute
truth.**

**Even if she don\'t like me at all, i can program the creation into
fully thinking its her wordling ways of life which prevent her from
seeing that, in fact, she truly likes me. Just as with Ariana.**

**As in online game, at this level of investment trebuie sa fie doar
flegme.**

**Efectiv flegme pana(si daca) iti arata ca merita mai mult. Chill.**

**Lasa imaginatiile. Ai cunoscuto 5 minute. Da, esti jedi master pe
people reading, dar totusi sunt 5 minute.**

**Be mind of the dellusion of thinking you know everything.  Even after
30 years i learnt things about my mother, let alone 5 minutes with this
stranger.**

**Flegme.**

**With the strong consideration that if indeed she is playing that movie
in her head, of me being a playboy or cheater, this must be directly
addressed without any hesitation.**

**Dupa inca 1-2 flegme in realitate/online o sa stii.**

**Or**

**Amazing gym session.**

**Way of the Warrior. Reborn.**

**Whole new meaning.**

**The Art of Rolling.**

**Learned key final step from smoker\'s library X.**

**Oh man.. can taste the weed - even tho same amount. It burns
perfectly.**

**The Art of Close Friends.**

**Fun with Pussy licking talk and spitting.**

**Talking truly about what i want, just like talking t o a close friend.
(Mister, pelicanu, vacaru, etc)**

**This is what Instagram Close friend is.**

**Effortless.**

**And the most funny thing is when i was speaking my heart so fully that
i got really angry 😂😂😂.**

**Visa game arises.**

**Work & Days off best decision is medical leave. Mother supports. This
perhaps, helps me more than any money. Because i fully keep my job with
no interruption. My dhamma job.**

**My bonus. My constant salary. The 2-3 weeks medical leave are
magical.**

**Now rises the visa issue. For this, i can play:**

**1. Visa run (8000 THB min)**

**Overstay 10 days (2000 THB fine and minimal risks to get caught) - can
research more.**

**Revelations & Theories - KS3, low back pain, lbp**

**Man the superspeed scooter position is amazing for the low back.**

**I can feel in my hands what my low back would have taken. Immense
kinetic energy.**

**And on laptop - the truest art of them all. The X pattern.**

**Perhaps the greatest X pattern.**

**The father?**

**The moment i couldn\'t sit anymore, i couldn\'t find fully relaxed
elbow position while working - and everything changed.**

**Its so clear that at any point any of the hands (or both) lift &
reach - there is clear and instant low back triggering.**

**Clear clear clear.**

**The micro-movements when ignored because the mind is partaking fully
in something else, build up and trigger the whole area.**

**But these micro-movements can be seen.**

**Studying life at micro-level.**

**And just as i bring some and more awareness to it, KS3 comes to
life.**

**Hello, my friend. How much you have taught me.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What a beautiful morning.**

**Imense quantities of food last night, but i didn\'t feel much guilt.
(just sorry about the ice cream that it was not that tasty and
expensive - coming together with the 300 bht going to ammy. Its going to
family, my friend. )**

**I awakened at 4 and rise, no hesitation.**

**Begin the day. Walk, Water, Play.**

**Playing Wand Lao is beautiful.**

**The 90 lei i was regretting spending last night on food came back this
morning as the Christmas bonus.**

**Withdrawed 25 bulibase and still 20-25 more waiting after mother
commision.**

**I think this takes me to salary.**

**Not even get into the 400 ladies singing in the Eco choir.g**

**So relax.**

**There is really enough money. If not for Tommy now (because of the
return flight, etc) - then for just Ammy with the vision of, IF he wants
to come with us (again it doesn\'t have to be a full life commitment, as
he can anytime go back to his home-father). Anything is possible is life
is not taken in seriousness and absolutes.**

**But in adapteness.**

**I feel fucking big and fucking pumped today. Of course, the muscles
were fed.**

**Awakened Ammy around 6:30 from bad dream.**

**Her body was speaking great storm.**

**She dreamt of my mother taking me away from her -\> being left alone
-\> then driving away and having an accident - to death.**

**The beautiful manifestation..**

**How much she loves me. I believe in her all my heart.**

**I arrive at my coffee, but despite**

**The family loan did not go as i expected.**

**But the true art lied, once again, in the continuous adaptation.**

**19 Dec -**

**Riding outside city is much more painless.**

**KS3 calms down, then right now slightly spikes back up as i write and
it takes tension.**

**Or don\'t trigger if hands push down.**

**Its a clear X pattern - sitting outside.**

**Morning KS3 pain echo make me lose KS2 focus and give way to indulging
in some food.**

**But no more chips. Fuck em.**

**It seems like no one else will do my biding, but me.**

**But this complicates a lot bringing Atom. A lot of money.**

**Left butthurt with Snook.**

**This also played a part in night\'s food.**

**Not that the night\'s food and unfolding of the night&morning was bad,
just that the snook experience conditioned the night food game.**

**As the \"I\" clinging and imagining story with Snook could not birth,
was left in clinging.**

**Clinging. The mother of suffering.**

**Just as with Ammy, when the clinging to continous life with her and
not letting her go, great suffering arisen.**

**When this was quinched in experiences of aloneness, constellation with
Snook symbol of there are a lot of other beautiful life stories out
there - and i was not afraid of losing Ammy anymore, everything became
clear.**

**The second path - family money loan - quit job - stay 3 months - work
on all personal projects with pressure - pursue expensive and uncertain
divorce with lawyers - if not work clinge more with Romania visa - is
CLEAR not the dhamma way.**

**As Mom said, like asking them money so that i don\'t have to do/risk
anything.**

**Its all in how you think.**

**Is the restless son asking after 16 years for his family support to
bring the mother of his childs and the woman who carried their nephew in
her wound for a while ?**

**Is he asking this because she cannot do it alone? And he cannot do it
alone?**

**Because no matter how powerful true love is, it cannot thrive in
aloness.**

**Thats the wonder of true love. It can be a mystical experience beyond
words and worlds, but it can also kill one, if one is lost in front of
it\'s might.**

**Last time this happened our little family member, the most dhamma
thing that can happen to a family, has gone back to the starts.**

**He came to us when we were a family, but went back to the stars when
He was separated.**

**Is this not a priceless experience? **

**Or is Ammy scamming me, and even she did not lie about pregnant, it\'s
all a game. And if not concious, then unconcious.**

**Its a scam, its your grand-son asking you to bring him home, its your
son being impulsive, is your son truly needing your help, its a chance
to put family over money - great part of the basis which destroyed our
family?**

**Its all in how you think.**

**But what is the absolute truth then?**

**There is no absolute truth.**

**No absolute truth can be found in the mind.**

**The only absolute truths can be found in the real world.**

**The smells and touch. The taste of coffee.**

**The quality(composition) of air.**

**The conditioning between the breath and body. Kaya Sankhara.**

**The eating and it\'s effect. Kaya Sankhara 2.**

**The gravity and it\'s dance. Kaya Sankhara 3.**

**The conditioning of feelings to thoughts. Vedana - Citta.**

**Hello Bhikku. How are you, my friend?**

**Lets meet up for a talk soon.**

**The mind plays thousands of roles each with it\'s absolute truth.**

**Another mind, same.**

**In this dance, millions of combinations arise.**

**Millions of versions in which the absolute truths meet and come
together in constellations of different flavors (= + =) from which arise
Lust, happiness, pleasure, fear, pain, love, fun, all human emotions. -
in continuous inter-changing.**

**This is the basis of human relationships. (from stranger - to
neighbour - to friend - to lover - to family)**

**Beautiful.**

**But what a warrior, to stand in front of your parents and ask for 10
deluxe hookers.**

**Cut in their most deep wound. And stand unshaken.**

**I am Free.**

**When as a child, and more, as a teenager, i couldn\'t ask even for 50
lei or even better.. the freedom of expression.**

**The Family Loan experience has weight a thousand more in wisdom and
experience than in money.**

**In this view, the happening just as it happened, is the most dhamma
thing that could have happened.**

**Talk with Mom.**

**Not what i thought/asked, but said that she'd support me.**

**I know it's not in her control, but Dan's.**

**Her poor soul could be left with just that apartment in bad divorce.**

**I understand her.**

**But father.. for sure he has the financial power.**

**But in our constellation he's been a friend, not a father.**

**So i understand him too.**

**Mom calmed down.. she said Dan said that they must help me.**

**Man.. from the 3 persons in constellation (Mom, Dad, Dan) - Dan is the
only one who full-heartedly said to help.**

**How much i\'ve judged his ways..**

**For sure i will give way into knowing Snook if the Tao allows, for i
have not felt this clouds i felt yesterday in a long time.**

**But full-hearted and in the language of the truth.**

**If i were to run into her now with Ammy, i\'d have nothing to hide.**

**Simply introduce them \"This is Snook, the girl i told you yesterday
about.\"**

**Language of the truth. The only language.**

**Just as i get home, i see message from her asking for Rent and having
more to talk to.**

**But i feel no more dukkha, as i am once again, free of outcome.**

**I am ready to be with her. And i am ready to let her go.**

**When you're not afraid anymore, the path reveals.**

**In both scenarios, there is 0 financial impact preventing life to
develop freely after.**

**For now, this is the way.**

**Vision for Ammy.**

**Fully support her until 21 January key divorce date.**

**Take 2-3 weeks of unpaid leave/medical leave so you\'re here.**

**Ramification A.**

**She divorces. I go home. She makes visa for her&Tommy.**

**They come to me and we marry. Adapt further. Free to Play.**

**Ramification B.**

**He doesn\'t want to divorce.**

**I step back.**

**I am not a point where i can fight this without fully surrendering all
the other roles.**

**It would be like living the mother-image fantasy. All other roles left
greatly affected.**

**Present constellation & relationship:**

**Mind the excess.**

**Mind the heart. Give aloneness when it needs, give time, give/don\'t
give money.**

**There are no rules. The question of \"would this make her upset\"
fades in front of the Tao/Heart.**

**The body. The banana not getting up. The back pain.**

**Plan for today.**

**Dhamma food.**

**Lets play dhamma food and study KS3 corellation.**

**Same plan as yesterday.**

**Until the Delta moment (the choice, the spark as i reffered to in
previous studies) - there was great beatufiul dhamma food cultivated.**

**In both choice, cooked envinronment, amount, letting go.**

**The only difference being in the split second of choosing tv series or
CQ.**

**Find a truly comf position and choose CQ this time. And hunt, my
friend.**

**Meditate into between realms to allow sleep to find you.**

**At this point, KS3 is very complex.**

**Dhamma KS2 test - If done for 2-3 days, sleep should reach a point of
awakelesness and stomach laying down when the body longs for it.**

**Maybe 10 days.**

**But for sure in 2-3 days of practice, ground-breaking study material
will come to light.**

**If that state of fear with the only way out becomes again food - buy
everything you desire and then go some to sit.**

**Fantasize about eating it. Think about eating it as much as you want.
It\'s dukkha-free.**

**Is there really a difference between eating and fantasizing about
it?**

**Please take into consideration that current patterns, no matter how
much they hurt the body at times, it is balanced. The body energy
expenditure is matched in this pattern.**

**So then, again, is not only about stopping dukkha food and food
patterns, but replacing them with Dharma.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**I have never seen Ammy so crazy in love and fully believe. There is
some light of a possible future together.**

**In this light and fantasy thinking, it feels like i\'ve found the
solution. Can win the game.**

**Instantly, the thrill of the game fades. Its normal.**

**The KS3 feels at many times like a sixth-sense - reacting to how
content and in love i am with the present.**

**A signal to get out of there.**

**This morning i\'ve felt it hard with Ammy. Just loving her, just
laying in bed - triggering KS3.**

**Even my banana did not get hard at all today in her presence.**

**Body is asking to be alone.**

**There is so much to reflect. I don\'t want to be in her presence right
now.**

**Her first salary to maybe be in 1 Feb. What a long way.**

**Until then, i am to fully support her life and family. To what extent?
 Can i do that without family loan?**

**Cannot.**

**I need money for my dhamma lifestyle, for re-connect, for creators
multi-verse.**

**I don\'t want to fully commit all money to a possible life with her.**

**Goddess Kali is a beautiful idea, but it needs time and click with
Ammy - if done with the pressure of money, it becomes vain.**

**The Present Triad. The bringer of Dukkha.**

**A great cross-road which asks for aloness.**

**I. Kaya Sankhara 2 - Food**

**II. Kaya Sankhara 3 - Low back pain**

**III. Ammy**

**I. Kaya Sankhara 2**

**Can KS2 condition KS3 ?**

**It seems there is a form of conditiong.**

**I wonder what KS3 feels like in close to 100% dhamma food.**

**KS2 is easier than KS3 - so let\'s address KS3 by addressing KS2.**

**II. Kaya Sankhara 3 - Low back pain**

**Truly a body/life conditioner.**

**So similar to KS2 in many, many ways.**

**III. Ammy**

**Ammy(or any other woman) has to be a part of your life.**

**Its your whole life happening - all the games and roles happening -
and Ammy.**

**Just like a spouse in CQ.**

**Be careful of excess.**

**Beyond that, light cannot be seen because of KS3 and KS2 dukkha.**

**Do nothing for now.**

**But its clear that i\'m left feeling vain and empty by her doing
absolutely nothing for the next 1.5 month and leeching good spaghetti,
coffee, smoking life from me.**

**From my dreams beyond the \"I\" in love with her.**

**More so, leeching good life for her kids.**

**Pair this with Family loan not succeding for now. An impossible
hand.**

**More so, she is such a wordling at times.**

**Such clinging, such numbess in purpose, eating, drinking, smoking.**

**Such complications with Money, tommy, age, what if she can\'t have my
baby, what if her and tommy\'s body can\'t handle Romania?**

**Of course, chewbaca, you can always step out of the constellation.**

**Marrying her means nothing. It can be a beautiful experience and
profitable.**

**But the only thing i need to consider is, if the plan doesn\'t work
out, i\'m not left poor.**

**Because then it would affect all the other dhamma roles.**

**Re-Connect, dhamma life, freedom, Creators Multi-verse, dhamma
activities pool.**

**What if (From a analytical POV, not present feeling):**

**You commit for the play until 30 Jan.  **

**Pay for her family and divorce. (if he wants.)**

**If she divorves, go back as soon as possible in Romania to my life.
Get married, see how\'s family life with her in Romania.**

**Then Adapt. You can step out any time you want.**

**After a settling down while and if dhamma persists in family and
individual constellations, call Luke Home.**

**If their bodies can\'t adapt, if her worlding cannot handle it, if,
if, if - Kiss her hands and step out.**

**What a story.**

**There is no other fucking girl i\'d marry. Even as friend, as sister,
as mother.**

**Its not about the lovergirl. I really love them all beyond.**

**As friend, mother, sister, i am completely free to break out whenever
i want and for however long i want.**

**Estimated amount and trade-offs: 7000 Euros.**

**And dhamma job is most probably kept. Finance is not possibly
destroyed. Fuel for other dreams is going.**

**Yes, i return to a cold envinronment. So what? Its also my home, my
family.**

**If he doesn\'t sign divorce, then it\'s almost futile to attempt
lawyer break up, in both papers, time, money.**

**This was only birthed because of the Fear of losing her, in the peak
of my suffering.**

**I am not afraid anymore.**

**I am not afraid to madly and uncontrolably fall with Snok.**

**Not afraid she goes back to Israel.**

**Not afraid of returning home alone to my journey. Regarding women,
it\'s clear that i click with unique and suffering-filled life stories.
Like Snok. Like Ammy. Worlding girls like Bi, Lavinia, Ana - bring great
vain.**

**I am convinced there are these kinds of life stories all around the
world, not just here.**

**Its up to the cloudy symbols of a high romance.**

**There is greatness to be done in this life.**

**18 Dec -**

**Revelations & Theories - KS3 - low back pain**

**The great FP decompression reborn. - customized.**

**The only present true KS3 calmer. But it requires some good amount of
energy.**

**FP Decompression feels absolutely amazing.**

**Like the AI which is the body, going into developer mode and
re-programming.**

**Better than any stretch or crack.**

**The need to crack is like a shot of milk&cereals.**

**Did once, meh. Not much impact. But the more it is done, the heavier
the KS3.**

**But the decompression and full body activation on breathing.. man.
Fucking amazing.**

**Did it 2 times and KS3 was greatly calmed.**

**It\'s both a decompression and a deep core activation and
stabilizer.**

**Perhaps the fascial tension is balance in this pattern, taken away
from the front delts - lumbar region.**

**Or maybe its strictly the structural impact?**

**Or maybe its both.**

**Whats clear is that once it arises, any moment of focused at studying
it or quinching it, it comes from fear and unknown and only cultivates
more dukkha.**

**Just when i write the word.**

**KS3, KS3, KS3, KS3, KS3. - only LBP focus**

**KS2, KS2, KS2, KS2. - Stomach focus and on the background running LBP
focus.**

**KS, KS, KS, KS - Breath focus and on the backgroup running LBP
focus.**

**Then again, i am doing this while writing on Laptop, 1 of the 2 clear
X patterns. (although i\'m somwhat comfortable)**

**Kaya Sankhara 2 -**

**There is absolutely no doubt that the standard corn chips bring
dukkha.**

**Something very beautiful happened.**

**Just buying food was enough. I did not have to eat it.**

**Just buying food and having the option to relax and eat - aided in
back pain.**

**Then dhamma activities - talking with Nialau and father while walking
and squatting. Beautiful. I didn\'t feel to run to food.**

**9pm comes. I am facing 2 choices - eat at tv series (a known
conditioning) or playing (another known conditioning).**

**Can\'t i do both ?**

**I eat chips & yoghurt. Then 1 bun + 200ml milk shot. I\'m just little
over hara-hachi bu. I know it\'s dukkha food, but its my beloved brother
asking for it with his current wisdom in action regarding back pain. Its
ok.**

**I efortlessly stop after. Then get in bed and start hunting. Its
unsatisfying because i don\'t have VIP anymore and the drop rate seems
significantly dropped.**

**Soon i am between realms and soon i sleep.**

**Awaken at 2:23 am after a restful sleep.**

**I dream about my mother/Ammy interhchanging image dominating me hard.
But its more my mother than Ammy.**

**I awake in fantasy\'s suffering and it\'s ecstasy. From between realms
i rub my dick on the bed slightly.**

**Oh but i soon realize - it\'s not the bed. But it\'s my Ammy\'s ass
and belly. Pure love, not domination.**

**I immediately stop in the realization that the image is strictly part
of the fantasy world.**

**I feel an echo of KS2 inflamation, asking me to get up. I instantly
listen and respect.**

**Water-wake up and short walk greatly calms it down.**

**Check CQ and go back to sleep.**

**Restful beautiful sleep unti. 5:40. I awaken fully ready for the day.
But my first dhamma activity of the day cannot be done until 8.**

**I play CQ, get a beautiful spike when selling the 84 old ladies
blade.**

**The art of Trading.**

**Drink water, move, walk, stretch.**

**On the background there is the clear birth and clinging of the \"I\"
waiting for Commners coffee.**

**Around 7, i farm 5000 KS with archer (clear KS3 dukkha as doing it but
the mind ignoring it) and then go love Ammy.**

**After a few minutes, i feel KS3 deeply triggered. I fear the body is
sending a signal that it doesn\'t want to be with Ammy.**

**I didn\'t consider at that time the CQ Hunt, but they both must be
considered.**

**Is the body having an instant great KS3 pain in loving Ammy, or has
the \"sin\" happened in CQ hunt in dukkha position and took a few
minutes before coming to conciousness?**

**KS2 is pretty calmed. I can lay on back with no problem.**

**In this state, it is beautiful just to rest. Do nothing. Sit.**

**Efortlessly, i enter the between realms state.**

**I am in the fantasy world, but awake. I can do anything i want here,
carve the fantasy to however i am pleasing.**

**Mental images on top of mental images, flowing naturally.**

**Track of time is lost.**

**I spend time here until 7:56. Beautiful.**

**I step into the game of Life from between realms fully rested, with
slight lb echos.**

**Good morning.**

**Creators multi-verse**

**Talk with Nialau.**

**He is very thrilled, and a truly wise guy.**

**Starting the company - Cosu and Nialau. I\'m excited just doing
whatever with these guys.**

**Its an absolute pleasure to be in constellation with them.**

**Just like Ammy said about work. Its who you work with, not what u
do.**

**A very intimate constellation with KS3 today. Inflamation levels feel
high.**

**Riding together is very triggering.**

**Maybe in active mode throughout the day in X and compression patterns,
the lumbar discs material slips out through the herniated wall.**

**At night or when the Tao/Unconcioisness needs it (like floresti forest
commercial call) it feels like a spontaneous regression happening all of
a sudden, sucking the herniated material back in.**

**It happened in many situations, it feels like more of a spontaneous
regression than changing the focus of the mind.**

**It happened in both movement and relaxation, in both aloneness and
dhamma constellation.**

**Depending on X exposure (lumbar disc compression and herniating
disc) - everything can be felt.**

**My friend.. i am fucking tired.**

**And KS3 is filled with dukkha.**

**Nothing seems to take my mind off the back pain.**

**I crave eating at tv series.**

**It would finally relax and make the pain stop.**

**Can you please understand me? I\'m truly truly sorry for any future
pain i cause to our beloved KS2, but i don\'t know what else to do
now.**

**Yes, my friend. Do what you know. I feel your pain.**

**Lets study it together later.**

**Just buying food it instantly feels better.**

**A clear conditioning can be seen in KS3 regarding negative emotions.**

**The frappe mistake made it worse.**

**Then Ammy selfish food choice.**

**Then giving drink back, making a new one. Thinking for sure they
forget to skip sugar now.**

**Oh but i have my Ammy. She reminds her..**

**KS3 slowly relaxes now.**

**An absolute clear conditioning to vedana.**

**But a pain that is absolutely related to gravity. (Beyond vedana)**

**Watching our first video.**

**Right before "I have to go" scene, she arrives.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain LBP - Kaya sankhara 3 - KS3**

**Lets define**

**X Pattern - the hands being raised at different angles with completely
relaxed core and default body position. Depending on the angle of the
arms and elbows, it creates clear mechanical pressure - which the body
has to somehow deal with it.**

**X is paired with default protracted shouders, especially left one,
closed and compressed right line, rotated pelvis to right, weight
shifted more on left leg, lack of left lateral line tension, head
forward.**

**All of this play a part in X.**

**Addressing some of them in different patterns seems to hold dukkha
from arising so fast, but it still does.**

**X activates in poor computer positions with no elbow support, in
rolling patterns, in pulling ammy close from standing.**

**X instantly triggers low back and after just a few moments on
exposure - conditions the pain and the urge to crack.**

**As soon as elbows are addressed in X, it changes instantly - at times
with a itchy good feeling in the low back.**

**Then you know the story. KS3 becomes filled with dukkha and now any
dukkha scenario brings more dukkha.**

**Different thailand last year reflection to pain-less period of KS3
dukkha - the period in which i had no laptop.**

**The X exposure time significantly dropped.**

**Now a good question is if this is gravity\'s kinetic effect on discs
or fascial/muscle tension.**

**Its worth noting that in full relaxing back standing, raising the arms
is little dukkha inflicting. This scenario takes out the vertical
pressure and raises fascial tension questions.**

**It seems to all be a dance (or question) of who takes the Gravity
tension.**

**The Art Of Riding.**

**Rided scooter exactly like Speed Motorcyle.**

**Beautiful feeling. But also tremendous amount on pressure taken by the
arms - which in default patterns is to be taken by the low back or
t-spine - depending on present fascial tension.**

**Got home with much much less low back pain.**

**The Art Of Moving.**

**Gym playground.**

**Great progress in inversion work.**

**Met Snok at gym. What a souls sync.**

**And beyond a beautiful soul, what a body.**

**Lets see.**

**The Art Of Trading in conquer can be something truly beautiful.**

**Take it with wins and loses as it comes.**

**Adjust. Learn. Feel the market. Talk with people.**

**KS2 and body slowly calming down and backing to 100% functionality.**

**Playground soon.**

**Avocado shake after. Why mess with a level if its already Jedi Master
level?**

**Then simple rice+vegetable lunch.**

**At night - lets play something from below.**

**The Jedi Master is still to be borned.**

**Community. Cosu Talk.**

**It fits perfectly in the morning.**

**My friend Cosu.**

**Talk about building app together with Nialau.**

**The 3 brothers. My brothers. Dhamma Vision.**

**Lets see. Lets talk.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**The Art Of Coffee.**

**Just like meditation, just like playing, just like working, it takes a
few minutes to sink into both body and mind relaxation. (IF envinronment
allows)**

**Ah fuck.. great KS2 dukkha. Even after hours of waking, it still echos
great inflamation and pain.**

**Awaken at 4:50 - checked phone with fear of the night, but the mind
did not want to wake.**

**Awakening half-heart with the fear of the Dark.**

**Only the body because of the KS2 dukkha.**

**But the body was tired. And everything that has happened in the last
24 hours.. A lot, my friend.**

**I am too weakened to rise and start the day, even tho i had 6 hours of
sleep.**

**So i just lay around, changing positions.**

**After a short fall-asleep, i am awakened 20 minutes later, this time
on a more brutal body tonality and message.**

**Get the fuck up - it says. This is hurting me.**

**As i rise, the body starts to calm down.**

**I contemplate eating little rice + green curry, as i previously
assesed as dhamma and it has been 10 hours since my last meal. Maybe it
will help calm down little bit, and more, learn to eat in the morning.**

**Because one thing is clear.**

**Solution is not merely only about stop eating at evening, as with
daily sweets, chips and excess, bodyweight remains same. So this means
that in this dance of movement, living and eating - the body found
balance regarding food intake.**

**Yes, but is a very faulty programming. Hurting the body. So the change
must happen at the level of Food Choice and Food Timing - rather than
total daily intake.**

**I eat some left-over green curry (little to moderate). - CLEAR CLEAR
CLEAR dukkha. The spicy, coconut milk, oil, man what a fucking heavy
morning meal.**

**Last night i was numbed by continous eating and engaging in Ammy\'s
fight to notice it.**

**But overall, my friend.. last night was very far from easy for KS2.**

**Dukkha green curry - a lot.**

**Then Chips&Yoghurt.**

**Followed by big chocolate cake bread + milk.**

**Followed by coconut chips + yoghurt.**

**Accompanied by fighting with Ammy and echos of mom shouting i ruined
her life.**

**In all this storm, does it not deserve some space to suffer and hurt?
 How can it not..**

**Great, great dukkha food for my little love. Combinations of dukkha
foods brings even more dukkha.**

**I cannot explain it now, but it definitely feels like combining dukkha
food choices brings much more darkness then eating the same amount of
the same food.**

**Like in a dark pace of emotions, you both fight with Mom and lose
money and lose purpose and fight with Ammy.**

**Any combination hits much harder.**

**The stomach\'s alive AI definitely feels this.**

**It must read that heavy unpredictable storm and secret digestive
enzinmes and acid specifically for it.**

**The more it complicates, the more unpredictable and the more heavy.**

**It ends up secreting a lot.**

**And the whole dukkha food alchemizes in body as dukkha.**

**I am sorry, my love.**

**At least you played a different level. Not repeat the same pattern.**

**Of course the level is not only about what you eat, but what u do, how
u rest, everything.**

**Lets see what we play tonight.**

**Some both interesting and common levels would be:**

**Stop eating at 6 and full re-programming of night (Jedi Master
Level)**

**Eat just 1 type of food. I have a feeling that the narrower the food
diversity, the easier to digest. Chips&yoghurt/milk with choco
cake/Mango Sticky Rice**

**Eat chips&yoghurt + milk&desserts (Worlding level - Familiar pattern -
clear bringer of dukkha, depending on =)**

**Eat real food followed by big milk & desserts ( Wordling level -
familiar pattern)**

**Eat very little sippings of foods, returning to CQ world after a few
sips. (Padawan level - using mind trick of returning to something i love
to control food. Birthing a Stronger \"I\" then the food \"I\")**

**Eat very little sittings of food, going less and less as the night
settles.**

**Start with 5 sips of food. Then, every some time, eat 4. Then 3. Then
2. Then 1. Then stop.**

**At each time, a different \"I\" will birth and die, with a shorter and
shorter life.**

**Return to anything but food.**

**(Jedi Master Level)**

**Write a new one (unknown)**

**17 Dec -**

**Eated chips after little rest - not feeling very full.**

**The slow eating allow very big quantities of foods.**

**The stomach is slowly expanding as you eat slowly - and you don;t feel
it happening.**

**But it can be a heavy trap.**

**Then eat milk + chocolate cake. Try white choc croissaint but its
clear a lot of dukkha.**

**Then a huge mistake - the trickster fools me into eating the coocnut
egg chips with yoghurt.**

**Awful, awful choice. Awful.**

**1 hour later i feel ready to sleep, with KS2 not in great dukkha.**

**In this state i jokingly fight with Ammy. But what is joke and
seriousness ? The body&unconciousness know no difference. Its just as
real.**

**I fall asleep.**

**Back home.**

**Relaxing smoke, thai sip and green curry.**

**Have some chips and yoghurt for a tv series session.**

**Lets see.**

**Went on an evening relaxing ride with playful purpose of ganja.**

**Turned out in a beautiful city run, ending up meeting Army - such a
awakened spirit - but stuck.**

**Same eyes, lips and nose as Ammy. A masculine version of her - perhaps
waiting for his true love.**

**But not much strength in him. Warrior sleeping.**

**The KS2 urge to eat milk&sweets when inflamed is so similar to KS3
urge to crack.**

**Lucky with amazing big green curry.**

**Bought rice from neighbour. Can eart fro**

**G. m this soup all dayt long.**

**But unlucky with bubble tea.**

**Ordered 4 (2+2)**

**and didn\'t hit the spot with neither.**

**Its ok.**

**Ammy is on the island.**

**The employer postponed and she has to stay till tomorrow.**

**I trust her, she is big woman.**

**No more checking or trying to clinge to her.**

**My dear mommy so hurt and angry.**

**Crazy unfolding with Dan, fight, chosen words.**

**Talk script:**

**Sunta o cotitura de drum**

**Nu pot sami aduc mama copiilor acasa,**

**The whole family loan experience.. ah.. so much mental energy into
it.**

**As it unfolds, a great release of the heart is happening.**

**Weighted in at 58 KG at gym.**

**Also a physical release happened?**

**As i could have sworn i\'m over 60kg, based on legs, abs.**

**Perhaps muscles were not trained so they lost aspect and water.
Instant 1-2kg + shrredded look affected.**

**See beyond.**

**Talk with Mom.**

**She fully supports it.**

**Father left the group after watching video.**

**Conquer Revelation. Keep selling&buying everything.**

**There is no \"MY ring\". Let it go. Let it come back. There is a lot
of money to be made in trading, beyond the fear of failing. Play. Trade.
You can\'t always make the best deal. Learn to lose.**

**Beyond the \"I\" and any clinging, it is pretty fun to play the Family
Loan video.**

**Watch each reaction, watch the constellation, i am bringing them
together but with the Tao, not in clinging and I.**

**The family loan video is a beautiful example of a warrior.**

**Its not that one does not feel any emotions on the battlefield where
his life is on the line, but that one feels all that - and fights
depiste it.**

**Push forward. Film. Edit. Send. Check.**

**Its with the Tao.**

**What i was talking to Johannes about it being neccesarry a clear
spoken change. - which left me wondering.**

Seeing Ammy talk about stopping the games made it clear.

Yes, but when the Tao speaks it.

Not when the \"I\" does.

**I am no longer listening to her words that much, but to her body.**

It continuously speaks the matter of her heart and mind.

Her body tells me that everything is true.

**So many things become much more clear in aloneness and after releasing
video.**

Its been really pressing on my subconsciousness, as being a key element
in this part.

Body going into dhamma corrective movement at gym.

The art of Rolling and computering - the elbows must be relaxed.

It is the highest triggering patttern.

Body\'s a truly amazing AI.

Whenever the mind feels that it must to anything to cure the body with
food or distractions, it\'s a perfect moment to just stop. Stand or sit
relaxed and straight in front of the Tao.

Fully trust the body and allow it to alchemize.

**Filmed video and sent.**

More emotions than any approach. Pure emotions beautifully caught on
camera.

This is the biggest key.

If family secures the financial means.

**Amazing ice coffee at the commoners.**

Fixed microphone.

Ready for recording.

Enjoy.

Overview free script(full heart full truth spoken):

scuze ca vam adus dar e un mesaj care merge spre amandoi (address the
obvious)

sunt la o cotitura si am nevoie de ajutorul vostru.

In momentul de fata treaba s-a linistit, Ammy s-a anagajat, Israel nu a
mai amenintat/venit catre ea cu nimic daca ea nu a alimentat cu nevoia
de bani. Eu ma bucur de vreme si lucrez la o aplicatie pt telefon in
paralel cu ReConnect. E liniste. (ease into story)

sunt convins ca ammy vreau sa fie mama copiilor mei, am fost convins din
ziua 1, dar acum sunt convins ca vreau sa incerc din toata inima. Daca
se poate bn, daca nu nu.

Pentru asta, o sa-mi iau 3 luni neplatite lucru ca sa rezolv tot si sa
plec cu ea si Tommy de aici sa ne casatorim in ROmania.

3 luni pentru ca in probabilul caz ca nu vrea Israel sa divorteze, sa am
timp (si bani) de avocati, visa, divort, zbor, copiii, mancare, scoala,
chirie.

Sunt intr-un punct in care Nu pot sa-mi aduc mama copiiilor acasa
Singur.

Am nevoie de 10.000 de euro IMPRUMUT de la voi ca sa nu raman pe 0 la
risc.

Daca ma ajuta Dumnezeu, in cateva luni ne casatorim si va dau banii
inapoi de la nunta. (nunta pe bani)

Daca nu iasa, macar stiu ca am incercat din tot sufletul si ma voi
intoarce acasa.

In cazul asta si daca inca nu produc bani din aplicatie sau ReConnect,
datoria merge in oricare apartament (a lui mamami sau a meu - oricum
calculeaza Mama tot am si eu 10.000 acolo undeva) - urmand sa vi dau
inapoi cand se va vinde oricare din ele.

Sper sa nu ajunga mesajul asta la voi cu presiune, nu pleaca de la mine
asa.

Va iubesc la fel indiferent ce se intampla.

**The Art Of Rolling** - elbow supported weight somehow.

**Good morning, my friend.**

A very affected sleep followed.

But still a restful 7 hours in sync with Nature.

Oh but how much stress yesterday.

From the Van ride, to scooter search, to not having a comfy position
home to play, to eating chips and finally, biting my tongue to blood
bursting, the sleeping positions.

I wonder if i eate more how i would have felt.

Instinct says that i\'d for sure awaken at 2-3.

In this stress, food may weigh less than 50%.

Still, it played a huge part.

The chips, sweets, milk - clear dukkha - but just as stated in
re-connect - it can be like getting drunk.

If not done in excess, its fine.

The food plan doesn\'t have to be fixed and fully respected. It\'s
impossible.

But the main point is to not have clinging to certain foods.

Example: Dhamma avocado shake is not clinged to. I can eat something
entirely different if hungry.

Oh but at night, the switch is no longer so easy. It must be
sweets+milk + chips yoghurt snacking.

This is clear clinging.

Not have to give it up, just don\'t clinge everynight to it. Study other
food patterns too.

**Takeaway:** Full-heartedly return to dhamma food and keep studying
anything preventing it from it.

Beware of the deception of body & mind stress impact on KS2.

Like so, a day of dhamma food can lead to a somewhat affected sleep.

But if applied on multiple days, true data can be studied.

**Greatest thing preventing evening dhamma food.**

Its clear that the true relaxation pattern which is conditioned by ¬comf
body position + watching tv series + eating - is the greatest preventer
of evening dhamma food.

Food becomes eaten for pleasure and relaxation, not for fuel.

A known altering is doing something you love in a completely relaxed
position (playing CQ home/in true relaxing environments)

Then the food can be eaten purely on instinct and the stopping can
effortlessly happen after each bite.

**The Art Of Food is no easy job, my friend.**

**16 Dec -**

**Ammy talks about money, beautiful talk but i get triggered because of
the money-borrow echos and her blindly wordling mother inertia about Un
money.**

**But when she calculates, she doesn't take that in consideration.**

**Full heart my friend, not calculate forever, as everything changes
when she starts working or Goddess Kali starts making money - or when
you marry and go home.**

**Back to Ludus.**

**Oh, my home. The air after raining..**

**I go out to rent scooter. Even start running, so good i feel here.**

**Cannot find scooter tonight.**

**Tomorrow, my friend.**

**Lucky Ammy go t**

**The Art of Life can be seen and practiced at a simple bus stop.**

**Calming down..**

**A fun realization comes to mind.**

**I really miss Tommy.**

**Not about how Ammy is with him, but about the little boy learning from
me.**

**Such need of fatherhood.**

**Every sound, every gesture, how i love his mommy.**

**The souls are attracting each other.**

**My family.**

**Now i feel i have nothing more important to allocate energy to than to
go see Tomtom.**

**Eat together. Then come back.**

**Lets see. There is little safety worry regarding israel.**

**What if he comes to our home and tomorrow we spend some time together,
just me and him.**

**And later i take him home or wait for mommy.**

**My dick gets hard just thinking about this.**

**And not in a sexual way.**

**Just as it gets hard when i truly love a game.**

**Body speaking.**

**I love that boy. How he worries, how he gets happy.**

**Oh my god, i was blinded by looking at who Ammy is when together and
didn't give much light to the father-son happening.**

**Van dukkha and stress.**

**Stomach sickness, great low back pain, driver dukkha.**

**Beautiful to study and adapt.**

**The inclined stop clearly shows gravity impact on KS3.**

**It seems it all comes down to excess time in specific gravity
patterns.**

**Like sitting and writing on laptop with no elbow support.**

**The whole mechanical pressure breaking down in low back.**

**As soon as the elbow find resting position, KS3 pressure releases.
(Like now squat sitting in bus with elbows on thighs.)**

**Now we're constantly moving.**

**XPortal dillema -**

**Ends in pass possibly being on work laptop desktop, mail or written
down. I have no concious memory.**

**This can only be checked at home.**

**If this spirals into egdl exploding, i will ask Mihai a karmic
balance.**

**At complete peace.**

**Beautiful coming together of critical and fantasy thinking.**

**Learned about Thai Tea.**

**It's just iced black tea with milk.**

**Same thing. Natural body truth.**

**Farewell 🙏**

**Took scooter back. Almost 5 fat ladies come back to daddy.**

**Its been beautiful. A beautiful tear and a beautiful smile.**

**Ok Koh Lanta.. Thank you for everything.**

**Some very powerful lessons about the many Arts of Life were studied
and learned thanks to the tears you offered.**

**Home, Food, Pains, Togetherness, aloneness in togetherness, community,
new lights and ideas on work, Re-Connect, Conquer world.**

**A tear and a smile.**

**Again, deeply thank you.**

**Beautiful playing together.**

**Ammy's shifting of body alchemy on body's cycle continues.**

**Body is much better today. Recovered.**

**Parting with the russian friend and Erik.**

**Good brothers, each on his own path.**

**The efortless letting go.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Feeling so fucking big and strong today. I feel like i could lift
heavy shit, but not feel the same dhamma in gravity dancing, like
handstand.**

**I love the biceps fatigue.**

**Crazy what a good \"workout\" fuckgin can be.**

**What a whole activation of the body with most real purpose of all.**

**Bowing down only to life/dreath survival situations.**

**Getting drunk on food.**

**Just as alchohol, excess food works just like alchohol.**

**You enjoy the activity of eating and watching something, but then the
more you indulge the higher price to be paid.**

**A truly beautiful day to study, as one of the biggest meals happened
at night - birthing from a completely content body&mind&soul state.**

**The Art Of Life - can be studied intimately.**

**= : Present body&mind&soul alchemy binding continuosly together with
the present envinronemnt**

**You eat your whole life story, as in present body&mind&soul alchemy
binding together with the present envinronemnt.**

**You eat based on =.**

**You stop eating based on =.**

**You dream =.**

**You fall asleep based on =.**

**15 Dec -**

**The rice+mango+coconut meal is amazing as evening meal.**

**Oh but tonight i\'m going nasty.**

**Haven\'t eated so much in a long long time.**

**2 Extremely big sittings.**

**After the first one (mango rice + chips yoghurt) - i taste the
cinammon roll.**

**Extremely sweet, i don\'t like it.**

**So i try the taro bun. Very spoiled taste.**

**Finally turn to last option, blueberry croissant. With some milk. Its
good, but feel the stomach heaving more and more.**

**Finish it and relax. I have nothing else i like to eat now.**

**KS is burdened around 7/10.**

**More than enough to make me crave more food.**

**I relax watching movie and slowly reach the between realms state.**

**Here i see glimpses of Ammy's natural laugh.**

**Beautiful.**

**I return to the waking world \~15 min later when there is some phassa
with some sounds and other senses.**

**I feel KS2 more relaxed, but i know that if i stop now - sleep will be
affected.**

**It will be affected even if i eat more or not.**

**I don't have energy for moving around, water and deep breaths - the
recipe for good digestion and recovery.**

**Body can't even do dhamma breathing, as its very busy digesting.**

**I try again cinammon roll. Now it tastes sugar-less.**

**I eat it all in bursts of self-deception that i\'ll soon stop and not
finish it.**

**I finish it and go to 7eleven. Buy more milk, white choc croissant,
chips and yoghurt.**

**Come back home.**

**Eat chips&yoghurt. Then Hokkaido chocolate with milk.**

**Try the croissant. Body sends an automatic state after a few bites
that great excess and inflamation has been reached.**

**It\'s clear that the previous thought that convinced the mind to go
(that because of the relative slow-eating and riding, food is already
digested) - is not the absolute truth.**

**The body is extremely extremely full, stomach greatly expanded, breath
heavy.**

**Can\'t remember last time when i eate this much.**

**I am both at peace and afraid of it.**

**Afraid because there were nights with even less dukkha food and awful
sleep followed.**

**3-4 hours of sleeplessness and nausea.**

**Sit for a little while and sleep soon arises. I clean little bit
around and move laptop&stuff inside.**

**Take a warm shower over the heavily bloated stomach.**

**Its beautiful.**

**Very calming. Medicine for body.**

**I go to bed soon after, watching tv series for some time until sleep
comes.**

**Dreamt about death and my body decomposing. Awful feeling awakening me
together with a heavy KS2 that asks for wake-up at 2:37.**

**I check the phone with the echos of fear that maybe it\'s only been 1
hour like previous nights. But it\'s 2:37.**

**4 hours of pretty good sleep. Water-Wake up and prepare bag for around
5 minutes. This greatly calms down the system.**

**Then back to sleep until 5:27.**

**Wake-up still feeling full. After 2-3 min of weakness, i arise. Start
the day.**

**I feel and see my reflection as a fucking pumped animal. Blood and
energy flowing through my muscles.**

**I feel i weigh around 72-73.**

**Face looks much more beautiful with a slight bodyfat increase.**

**Yet abs not look as shredded.**

**Yin-Yang. A tear and a smile. Always.**

**Overall, Something truly wonderful has happened, beyond my fears.**

**Despite the KING cheat meal, with sufficient peace&love in heart,
short tricks to aid KS2 and customizing the sleep position,**

**A restful 7h sleep happened.**

**Wow.**

**I think even a person with aboslutely no KS2 concious dukkha - would
have felt just as me, if not worse.**

**Completely healed ?**

**I feel slightly afraid of going to sleep, of waking up to heavy KS2,
of not restful night.**

**But there is also the knowledge of its better to give some vertical
and awake time to body ot digest.**

**But my heart was pretty at peace.**

**And counter-intuitively, the morning burden on KS2 was not as heavy as
yesterday.**

**Although there was a short water wake-up around 2.**

**Takeaway: Chips clear dukkha. And will almost instantly condition more
dukkha food, unless great wisdom in action is aquired.**

**Mom constellation with Dad left both touched.**

**The hand of destiny continues.**

**Lets see.**

**Ah.. last night here.**

**I buy a lot of food, i\'m really hungry.**

**Enjoying a smoke and a caramel protein shake. Good.**

**But also finally i have extremely relaxed position.**

**Holding laptop, warm feet. Dhamma position to watch and fall asleep.**

**The massage was amazing. Body is beautifully beautifully relaxing.**

**The Art Of Massage.**

**I stand humbled in front of the prelegedly lady boy.**

**Beautiful beautiful techniques.**

**Kneeling double thigh pressure.**

**Holding foot while pulling up on calves - great ankle decompression.**

**The continues dancing, using the whole body in a dance to put and
release pressure.**

**Period together :))). I forgot how much she changes.**

**Of course my friend. Different alchemy.**

**Funny, different vibe. Not too sexual.**

**The Art Of Coffee.**

**Adding dhamma movement to it changes everything.**

**Community.**

**What a skill to build a community.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beautiful dhamma movement practice. Some inversion play, stretches,
just pure dhamma movement without purpose at times. Just move.**

**And the spark was actually 2 ro people smoking near me.**

**Ah.. the smell of Ammy in the morning is ecstatic.**

**I\'ve never felt this.**

**14 Dec -**

**Stop eating around 8pm and just sit, relax, play.**

**I feel energy of life flowing more than other nights because of the
relaxing day.**

**Confirms previous theory. That changing programming requires energy.**

**New body&mind programming, just as planned.**

**Ammy is happy and in the mood for talking.**

**This makes me feel good, also combined with the calm stomach.**

**This feeling conditions the urge to smoke.**

**I do, although i already know smoking past 6-7 pm is hard for the
sleep.**

**Even preach to Ammy about it later.**

**It seems that i can meet the night either with a heavy stomach and
food - or smoking with a calm stomach.**

**Neither are dhammas.**

**Restful sleep until 5:40.**

**I woke to a laying on back sleep position with Ammy\'s hand resting on
my stomach.**

**The whole karmic flow of the night combined with Ariana bad dream and
slepeing positions - births a pretty affected Kaya Sankhara 2.**

**Move, water, play. KS2 slowly relaxes.**

**I return again to reflecting dhamma evening food.**

**The plain sticky rice + some other option (perhaps**

**Takeaway: Test dhamma evening food but don\'t take it as absolute, as
the Art Of Sleep has many ramifications.**

**Oh i love this girl so much.**

**Her smell, her sight, her movements.**

**She found a possible job in Koh Phagan.**

**Home 7pm.**

**I feel pretty rested and full of life.**

**Bought some chips & croissant.**

**Enjoying a smoke and oat cocoa dhamma drink.**

**Eat bag chips+yoghurt + little milk croissant.**

**Way less than other nights.**

**Long Beach walking at sunset to escape cafe.**

**Then partake in meditation with Marco\'s group.**

**Wordlings, but some beautiful moments of doing nothing. **

**Approach the hottest girl on beach. She was talking on phone.**

**What a dhamma day to evening activity.**

**Witnessing the passing of the sun.**

**Green curry clearly somewhat heavy on KS2.**

**Too much green curry these days.**

**Back home. Enjoying a taro sugarfree tea. WIth no bubbles. Very
good.**

**Sitting and playing with Gravity. The hands (at least 1) must be elbow
supported so that the breakpoint is not at lumbar spine.c**

**Instant body&throat reaction to big city afternoon dust & pollution.**

**Beautiful fuck with Ammy, releasing previous worry.**

**I\'m all roles. Father, son, loverboy, slave, family, friend -
everything.**

**The roles dance together as we make love.**

**Beautiful poo poo moment with Ammy but no poo poo.**

**Found a way back to the Meteor Zone mine.**

**Much longer, but definetly worth it.**

**On LiL\^Dude\'s way to it, Lao9 sold a 17 Mil Super Dragon Gem.**

**The Art Of Mining is no easy job.**

**So it continues.**

**Looking just at today, not worrying about the absolutely vastly long
road ahead.**

**Work for the sake of working.**

**Play for the sake of playing.**

**Evening/night can either be met on relaxing, already written
programming**

**(which brings a certain level on dukkha depending on the Art Of
Sleep) - OR it can be met with the intent to change the programming.**

**If no clear decision is made, the mind&body automatically fall to
programming.**

**Last night i met it on current programming, with no energy expenditure
towards change.**

**Today lets play with evening programming.**

**Aquire 2-3 dhamma foods to be enjoyed around evening, with a full
water and tooth brush stop around 7-8.**

**Its not gonna be easy. But lets play.**

**During day, spent some more time in energy saving envinronments, so
when night comes the body&mind are prepared.**

**Awakened at 3:47 with a heavy KS2.**

**Although a similar food pattern,**

**Dreamt of finding phone and then between realms fantasisez about how
us humans can tell the difference between a human and a humanoid
creature.**

**Pretty fucking scary picture.**

**But i know exactly what do to to enter recovery mode.**

**Water. Move. Clean. Walk. Play. Breath.**

**KS2 recovers with a negative spike when laying down on stomach/side -
putting pressure on the stomach.**

**Beautiful.**

**The Art Of Sleep.**

**Food, water, teeth wash, activity that takes me calmly between realms,
sleep positions adapted to previous input, thoughts, desires and fears
manifested in dreams.**

**It all comes together into the Art Of Sleep.**

**13 Dec -**

**Night comes.**

**Full day, there is no energy or intent left to re-write the
programming.**

**Just relax.**

**Start eating. I don't know what else to do to completely relax.**

**I want to live, yet no more energy for doing stuff.**

**Fall down to programming.**

**Eat, eat, eat. Then sleep comes.**

**Rest at pc between realms. Not so scary because KS2 is not greatly
burdened, but still is.**

**Teeth are triggered as well but no energy left.**

**Mommy beautifully puts me to sleep.**

**Goddess Kali.**

**Name chosen.**

**Beach coffee and meet with Marco.**

**But far from what i\'ve expected.**

**As i started to tell our story and my pondering, there is the
realizaiton in both me and Marco\'s eyes that ther eis nothing wrong. No
solution to be found.**

**Beautiful partake in their worlding meditation practice.**

**His advice is to not create any new pains in peoples heart, whatever
it is i choose.**

**Dhamma meal experience at Thai Smile.**

**Instant click and sync with Ammy regarding online dominating.**

**Let\'s play.**

**Again, it should be done without the pressure of money or time.**

**It can go on even in Romania, if a slow start. (maybe even better)**

**Play only when you\'re in the mood for it. Write, create, film, talk
together and with slaves.**

**Then the fruits will come efortless.**

**If dhamma purpose is mutually felt, it can be a lifetime project, not
a quick way to make money.**

**Lets see what she thinks of this world.**

**I don\'t want to work on Re-Connect with the pressure of making
money.**

**For the fruits of the work. It would instantly ruin the project.**

**No.  **

**Only for work the love of working, of teaching, of helping the
world.**

**The 2 projects could support and bring karmic balance to each-other.**

**Goddess Ammy - and Re-Connect.**

**Yin and Yang.**

**Let\'s talk to Ammy, show her this world unknown to her.**

**She gave her phisycal body for thousands when together we could make
millions out of purely her image.**

**Besides great solution, it could give us both purpose. Exactly what
makes me doubt her. Lack of identity and purpose.**

**If she wants to try, a plan must be created.**

**It is after all, my greatest skill? Over ten thousand hours put into
it.**

**Knowledged gathered so far will beautifully assist.**

**My whole life\'s experiences in understanding sexuality and seeking
the power, pleasure and pain of the Kali-Goddess - can come into play.**

**Perhaps my Master, a realm of fantasy which i put thousands of hours
into.**

**All my life i have studied it, played with it, let it consume it me
and rule my life at times, searched for it.**

**I know every flavor of it, starting with the flesh(body),
vedana(emotions), thoughts and beliefs in one\'s creation (citta) and
the mystical implication of Life-Death symbolistic.**

**I am a Jedi Master in the ways of Kali, the mother-image.**

**99% of dominatrixes are merely padawans in this realm. Stuck in the
world of physicality.**

**The most true and intense Kali i have ever seen, it was always in my
mind. Taking physical form from different girls and molding it into the
True goddess of love and destruction.**

**Extreme Sacrifice for love. The greatest vedana one could feel. And
liberation.**

**The surrendering of life into the hands of Kali-Godess.**

**Perhaps the skill i have put most time in.**

**The world of fantasy.**

**Which now can birth through the one woman which activated it at it\'s
most.**

**The one woman in which body i saw Kali for the first time when down at
her feet and looking up to her.**

**She\'s perfect for embodying my Kali.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**What if we put together my vast imagination and experience, her
absolutely amazing sexual energy and the mastery of using it for money..
to give birth to Goddess Ammy, The queen of souls ?**

**Have to talk to her, see what she says.**

**Then its up to the magicians.**

**Her body and sexual energy binded with my mind and imagination?
Limitless.**

**It could be a fix for everything.**

**There lies only the question of morality, but its all in my
creation.**

**It can be seen in giving extreme ecstatic pleasures to those men
playing the roles of slaves.**

**Who am i to tell them they\'re wrong?**

**12 Dec -**

**I felt negative feeling building up in ordering food alone (making her
not feel useful as a mom, just like mamami) and in buying
excess/throwing food.**

**Oh my dear Ammy, she just wants you to feel useful to me. Our food is
currently where she feels most useful.**

**I ask her whats wrong, but she wouldn't tell.**

**As i start eating and feel her negative emotions, some doubts arise.**

**But just minutes after, she stops holding back and**

**"Can i talk to you?" - she asks.**

**Open talks about money, about if she should play another game with
men, if i have enough money, daughter life, what i think of all.**

**I'm very happy she is learning to open up.**

**Together even in the face of her playing money and fucking games.**

**It's truly beautiful but it still comes down to giving her money or
having to play the money fucking game.**

**Its all soo complicated.**

**Now, regarding us, some fog arises.**

**I realize it's not about taking care of food and shelter for her kids,
but in also fulfilling their desires and pleasures.**

**This I will not do at this financial point.**

** **

**Ohh.. my dota tournament.**

**Lets watch some dota.**

**Dhamma food from near bubble tea shop (clean kitchen, good girl, good
price).**

**I got tofu veg caju rice.**

**The rice is great, even alone with soy sauce.**

**As I explore the island more, it becomes clear i don\'t want to spend
any more time here.**

**Back to Ludus soon.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain LBP**

**Let\'s call low back pain KS3.**

**Because it greatly conditions the quality of life and breathing.**

**The more i study and look, the more similar it is to KS2.**

**It simply comes down to what envinronment is consumed in terms of
gravity just as KS2 is conditioned by food.**

**Some activities and gravity patterns bring clear dukkha. It can be
however somewhat, only somewhat protected with left line activation**

**Once it carries enough dukkha, it becomes more and more impossible to
ignore.**

**Treatment plan then, can be taken from dhamma food studies.**

**Avoid dukkha envinronments and cultivate dhamma ones.**

**Aah.. what a long and painful road and dissapointing national park.**

**Cannot compare to kachanaburi.**

**For just some trees and lighthouse.**

**Still, movement felt like medicine in this state.**

**Riding in 2 clearly brings more gravity force upon body weak link.**

**Animal flow beautiful session with Marco.**

**Beautiful day with calm clouds protecting from powerful sun.**

**Full freedom to ride.**

**So today is National Park day.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Awakened fully rested at 4:50.**

**Some dukkha echos from last night food are clearly felt, but also the
body amazing ability to heal through movement, water and relaxation.**

**Walked the night, ran on the beach, relaxed at computer, learned
python, played cq, swim in the sea, long hot shower after and come to my
dhamma coffee place.**

**Evening food still has to be researched in both time and choice.**

**How and what do i eat at night without giving up the great tv series
relaxation?**

**It has to be dhamma food, high volume and easy to digest. Little to no
diary.**

**Preferably multiple choices.**

**Or there is the choice of finding a relaxation which doesn\'t
condition eating (like CQ - the great home ace).**

**Lets see. Lets play.**

**One thing is clear tho.**

**The evening has to be met with a content feeling of i\'m looking
forward to tomorrow morning.**

**And more so, looking forward to returning to the unconciousness.**

**Depending on today\'s life\'s karmas in terms of food and experiences,
this activity is greatly conditioned.**

**Currently the programming clearly runs on dukkha food.**

**Dhamma food test points neutral to great negative at evening food
choices.**

**Which further condition excess.**

**I wonder what dhamma food feels at night.**

**What about AB:**

**A. rice+coconut milk+mango? (Sticky rice no sugar)**

**B. Navi Mantra smth**

**A key difference to dhamma evening food compared to morning/afternoon,
is that it needs to be prepared in both planning and scavagening BEFORE
the night comes.**

**Daylight dhamma food is much more easily adaptable, for the body is
straight and alive.**

**There is sufficient knowledge and knowledge in action for daylight
food to be kept on dhamma.**

**Oh but then night comes, my friend.**

**And if she catches you unprepared, now there is no more energy left in
body.**

**The system binds with the night falling down and enters a state of
relaxation, recovery.**

**Now planning and more so, the acts of scavagening and consuming dhamma
food become 10x greater than in daylight.**

**In this light, evening dhamam food NEEDS to be aquired (preferably 2-3
light options studied before) - BEFORE night fades. ( exception
envinronments like Koh Pahgan, where dhamma food is a few steps away.
)**

**Its beautiful that in this ripped body state, there are no more
conditionings regarding negative emotions caused by body insecurities.**

**In this ripped state, food can truly be studied.**

**11 Dec -**

**It becomes more and more clear that dukkha cultivates dukkha and
dhamma cultivates dhamma.**

**Only in a selfless state can one navigate the waves, and not be
navigated by them.**

**8pm comes.**

**This time i meet with cultivated dukkha before from the crepe and
biscuits. Its clear.**

**I am a bit more prepared tho for the night, yet far from dhamma
envinronment.**

**I bought yesterday\'s researched pad thai food, but it\'s far from
dhamma.**

**I eat some pad thai - then chips yoghurt and some milk bun. I don\'t
really like the bread.**

**There is again that state of falling between realms as yesterday
night, but i am not afraid anymore.**

**Yesterday because of the ingested food and emotions - i was afraid to
fall to sleep. Felt guilty, felt that i haven\'t respected the dhammas
of body-nature.**

**I am full but not in great excess. I relax and fall asleep outside.**

**Awake one hour later bitten by ants and mosquitos. (dukkha1)**

**Stomach is clearly heavy and working hard to digest hard food
(dukkha2)**

**There is the instant conditioning of keep eating. Eat some bread i
didn\'t like before and little milk.**

**I clean a bit to not go straight to sleep and then i go.**

**Ammy comes and asks me about if i go to sleep now.**

**I tell her that i don\'t go to sleep, but sleep comes whenever it
wants.**

**The Art Of Home.**

**Aquired great items for Home dhamma activities.**

**Same as home, computer is best to be enjoyed as the night falls
down.**

**Also tried blue lagoon pancakes. Very bad.**

**Together with some 7eleven biscuits.**

**Not excess, just moderate serving coming with great dukkha.**

**If there was excess in this food, it would have been much more
heavy.**

**Same as some nights for my poor beloved KS2.**

**She bursts in emotion at every little baby she sees.**

** **

**Mining has been really slow lately, no super gems since SRT.**

**Mapped Navi mantra, open until 4pm, dhamma food.  **

**Thai smile first meal of day.**

**Pure dhamma.**

**The Art Of Coffee.**

**Met Marco, the AI jedi master - gave beautiful insight.**

**ChatGPT is amazingly powerful and i\'ve been missing it.**

**It can give clear directions and steps to everything.**

**It takes out what you\'ve hated in school. Teoria.**

**Hard hundreds of hours of learning. The fear of wronging and asking
the teacher.**

**Completely taken out and replaced by this calm loving friend.**

**This is beautiful.**

**This is the way.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Mapped beach walk as dhamma activity - once i start to know the
sand.**

**Walked, relaxed, ran.**

**Get home, shower, play handstand on grass, do some push-ups.**

**Dhamma activities mapped.**

**Morning talk with my Ammy - about money, places, plans - she is so
open and togetherness fills the air.**

**She suggested exacty what i thought of yesterday. Option of returning
home to Surrat Thani.**

**The Art of Life in 2. Adapting continuosly to envinronment (place,
money, approach, dhamma activities)**

**10 Dec -**

**Sun going down slowly - and i am free to go to 7eleven to buy
snacks.**

**In this lack of dhamma activities pool and the great spending of
almost 20.000 in 1 week brings a lot of dukkha.**

**No gym, bad and expensive food around, Ammy\'s kids going to need
constant money, her not working - a lot of dukkha coming.**

**I am overwhelmed.**

**Dhamma activity - Something that comes from the heart, is usually not
expensive and brings peace and contentment both during and after -
greatly dependent on envinronment. (playing CQ home, koh-pangan gym,**

**So i get home at 6pm and eat. Chips, yoghurt, milk, sweets.**

**I find a better sitting position for watching tv series/ playing. But
still could not fall asleep, still have to adjust.**

**Then i feel so full and nothing is fixed, as i am returned to a state
of lacking evening dhamma activity.**

**So the programming starts to manifest as in solution being to go buy
more dukkha food.**

**I do.**

**Ammy gets a bit drunk and starts dancing. Wants to go swim. Normally
it\'d be so fucking beautiful, but i am so full with dukkha and KS2 so
heavy.**

**Low-ish activity pool in the afternoon sun and evening.**

**Playing/watching tv series is an option but still have to work on
sitting place for this.**

**Others.. hmm ? pretty limited.**

**The Art of Life remains same.**

**Continous adaptation to envinronment.**

**With a somehwat big picture view (family) and rest only ideas (phi
phi, diving, nails, etc)**

**The art of eating together.**

**Dhamma food from neighbour. (if eaten in moderation and feeling of
course)**

**Only 260 baht with shake.**

**Delivered home on beautiful plating.**

**Amazing.**

**Enjoy.**

**Beyond envinronment.**

**There were glimpses of doubts with Ammy in the light i\'m losing Koh
Phagan experience.**

**But the more i watch and consume life together, the more the greater
vision ponders.**

**Have life with this soul. Family.**

**Such alike souls athough fueling different life stories. Beautiful.**

**If not this, what is it there worth fighting for? **

**From now, the Tear and Smile in the Koh Phagan trade-off is happening
in Peace.**

**Ammy\'s great wisdom about work: First she looks at the people she\'d
work with, only then at the work itself.**

**Man this is good advice.**

**So similar deep views on life, hows it\'s all a game, love to play,
love to life.**

**\"I want this all my life\" - she tells me while we play together.**

**Laptop fully relaxed sitting position still has to be researched.**

**Kneeling with straight back and lb arch feels good but of course,
tensioned.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Its hard driving around home part of the island, as there is great
great dust in the air.**

**Acquired face protection items.**

**Found beautiful coffee place, but no comfy chairs yet.**

**This is where i want my morning coffee.**

**But i think better take-away.**

**Beautiful to walk, to squat, but no sitting.**

**Ah but the inside..**

**What a chair.**

**What a place, now that i study it.**

**Island version of Chi Cafe.**

**But better air, fully relaxed laying down option, better food and
coffee.**

**What a place, and it all originates in my mind.**

**A takeaway place for coffee with dukkha sitting or a endless place of
creation and play?**

**Its all in your mind.**

**For sure can come here to work, write, read, play.**

**Only thing missing is playground.**

**The Art Of Life remains same, my friend.**

**Good air first.**

**Then everything to follow.**

**Dhamma coffee, dhamma food, dhamma sittings.**

**Still need a place to train.**

**For now, home is by far best with drawback being lack of bars.**

**09 Dec -**

**Now going to enjoy my neighbour cheap food.**

**The Art Of Home.**

**Found beautiful yoga mat.**

**Now there is an outside place at home where i can spend ground time.**

**Beautiful.**

**Ground time is a must in a dhamma home.**

**After 1 week on the island, consider long-er term commitment and Ammy
finding a job.**

**Money is good. 300 little thai babies in economy account and 50 babies
in current account.**

**If plan goes well, 350 more come from family.**

**Lets play.**

**Today bought gifts and memories for all persons.**

**A beautiful rule can be followed to have no regrets.**

**Just buy things you would absolutely love to keep.**

**Then you can gift from heart.**

**Changed home to booked one.**

**Tried to take money back and get out of here but cannot.**

**Lets see.**

**Assess and adapt this home and see tomorrow.**

**Maybe try 1 night there to see how it is.**

**Thai smile restaurant.**

**Oh my god, found the place.**

**My little girl ordered what her heart wanted and is so happy.**

**Im so happy too. Fuck 200 baht. This feels priceless.**

**Enjoy.**

**\"Roles\" talk and play.**

**The Art of Home.**

**Aah.. found a semi-dhamma sitting position.**

**Lotus while kneeling on wall with pillow under me.**

**7/10 Dhamma position.**

**But beautiful air and temperature. More than others.**

**I finally relax.**

**What i\'d do if I were alone: Explore island towards Old Town, eat
dhamma food, rest when i\'m tired, talk to people, watch the world,
capture moments, learn.**

**The Art Of Life.**

**It follows the same principles.**

**It embodies everything - the Art of Coffee, The Art Of Food, The Art
of Home, The Art Of Riding.**

**All these are new in this envinronment, and need time, study and
sincere effort to achieve.**

**And a new Art arises, The Art Of Life in 2.**

**I have to approach life just as if I were alone - and she follows
lonvingly. Like a mother loving her child while he\'s playing and
enjoying life.**

**If i fall into her Art Of Life, it becomes vain.**

**Only then can life truly develop naturally - and be enjoyed without
anny dukkha.**

**Moments in constellation together must come and go as they wish,
without any clinging.**

**Many fears from last night appear in new light after a beautiful night
rest.**

**The Art of Home.**

**First thing to create in a home is a truly relaxing place where i can
write, play.**

**The Art Of Home is no easy thing, just as mining and other Arts of
life.**

**Wifi seems most stable so far.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**A very restful 8h sleep (split in 2).**

**Despite the pizza, milk and chocolaty desserts, which normally would
have fuck me up really good.**

**KS2 Affected, but far from expected.**

**This is amazing.**

**The morning 6am air gives new light to this home.**

**I don't have to walk their path, but can go to the sea by grass.**

**Found a really beautiful looking restaurant, with amazing looking
seats and energy. Beach is inclined so anytime one can break sitting and
walk, squat on beach.**

**It's already open at 6:40. It has informations about buses and
islands.**

**Best vibe so far.**

**08 Dec -**

**Back pain rises more and more as i wait for the pizza.**

**Finally i get home, and here i find a watching laptop position much
better than the other rooms.**

**I start eating.**

**Immediately back pain and body calm down.**

**But soon i feel the excess and dukkha of KS2. Haha, it\'s fine. Let it
be what it may. And rest.**

**I have a moment where i feel the body craving sleep and the mind more
food (and programming regarding food dukkha).**

**Fuck.. some tough hand with the beach resort.**

**Cold floor, greedy beach places, sugary drinks, hotel-like room - and
no internet.**

**Whole place stinking of greed and touristic vibe. Ugly terrace and
chairs. I don\'t feel like i want to be here 8 days.**

**But i have to be. 8 days in this prison of pain. (\*Press X to bypass
money dukkha - requires Money Awakening lvl 100+)**

**Lets see tomorrow.**

**Sleep.**

**Explore island.**

**Live life like you're alone.**

**Arrives in Koh Lanta.**

**Long road, but a feeling persisted in the air.**

**That we wouldn't be anywhere else in the world.**

**Good morning my friend.**

**The chapter in Surat Thani ends in this last entry with us leaving and
sending goodbye message to israel.**

**All there is left to say, is Good game. Well played.**

**Lets see what awaits.**

**May the Force be with you.**

**07 Dec -**

**Desserts & milk at night.**

**Fate had it that all the smoke outside came in the room and deeply
affected air quality.**

**She was all smoked, room was all smoked, its ok my friend.**

**Only takeaway is tell her the first second, adress it right away.
There is nothing to hide from her.**

**The coffee is the absolute perfect cover.**

**I feel safe, bathing in the asian music and teenager\'s talking.**

**Cheers to life.**

**Oh god good thing i didn\'t buy the secret beach non-refundable
package.**

**Fuck yes.**

**Bought tickets for tomorrow 9am.**

**Ad Astra.**

**If the stars allow.**

**Police station. The guys just chilling wanting to have a fun talk.**

**Arrived in Koh Lanta ❤️**

**What a long ride.**

**Although a feeling persited in the world.**

**The runaway.**

**Her home. Home mom next.**

**Burned sim card.**

**The Art of War.**

**Now finally Jiaoe comes out to play his part.**

**Together.**

**Safety must be priority no 1.**

**Get out of here if anything with her. Get to a safe base and
re-assess.**

**After 1-2 weeks the mother-father loan talk can be considered.**

**And with it, the chance for a life together.**

**If the stars allow.**

**Pretty affected sleep by too much smoking, some heavy food before bed
and - the waves of emotions throughout the day.**

**It seems it comes down to all or nothing.**

**Leave with Tommy and hope for marry and come Romania.**

**Or nothing.**

**Otherwise same worry applies to Tommy as it does to me.**

**Or can leave for 1-2 weeks to see what he does.**

**Talk to some lawyers in this time.**

**06 Dec -**

**Truth talk.**

**She was indeed with him.**

**She told him saturday that she wants to spend time with him, went to
mall, took pictures, made banana jokes and put hearts.**

**Heartbreaking, not sexy. Cause she takes no pleasure out of it.**

**It seems that he started threatening me and she\'d seen him go crazy
on another guy - put into hospital for 1 month - so she entered panic
mode.**

**Only to protect me.**

**The stupid plan being that she\'d do something wrong and he\'d want to
divorce.**

**Playfully knocking head on head a little hard as too the emotion
manifest in hitting back.**

**But her body is instantly slowed by something inside.**

**Its like she cannot hit me. Cannot harm me.**

**The scent and effect of her smoking changed.**

**Its now both ecstatic and dukkha.**

**Like the smell it had in Ammy's image great fantasy.**

**What the fuck.. 😂😂**

**Everything originates in the mind.**

**For now, disconnect. just enjoy the family gathering experience.**

**A thai funeral.**

**Eate little food. Clear not dhamma.**

**The missing photo, the planning ahead days with me.**

**Her body unconsciousness expression.**

**Oh my fuckin god, could be anything.**

**A queen playing loverboy or a mother wanting from all her heart to
settle down.**

**Maybe its not about she wants from heart or not, but about believing
it can happen.**

**Rather this reading than the Ammy-image great scam.**

**Either way, the snake eyes yin-yang cat must be kept at the door to
guard the birth of "I", blindess and clinging.**

**Objective study. Calm down.**

**Fair creature of an hour or the mother of my childs?**

**Who is she?**

**Unclear so far.**

**But this question keeps arising when i look at her.**

**Could it be all an act ?**

**Acted by the oscars ?**

**The way she tried to kill the little fly.**

**Its premature to say anything.**

**She is in clean dukkha now. Family gathering might cultivate more of
it.**

**Lets see.**

**Family house.**

**Very clean air.**

**Im not treated as guest, but more as a family member.**

**We meet. Her body language feels different.**

**More stranger, more in control.**

**Something feels changed inside her.**

**Or is it just the body being estranged ?**

**Lets see.**

**Now back to waiting and doing nothing.**

**Give way to objective study beyond the "I".**

**Keep the cat on light guard to keep the rat infiltrating too deep.**

**Same demons on way. Aggressive crosswalker. Angry driver.**

**Got there. Same thing. Door open, only father and Atom home.**

**Shes only waiting for the bus.**

**Lost my pants on way to gas station.**

**Ok i stop. Im sorry master carpenter.**

**No more playing with your tools.**

**I cannot test her love or faithfulness to us.**

**Only believe.. or not believe.**

**Stop trying to play it.**

**But let it play itself.**

**And just adapt.**

**Fuck it. If it was all seen as a game so far, let it go on.**

**She fucked with my heart really bad, let\'s fuck with hers for a
while.**

**Free of outcome.**

**As both emotional karma and as study.**

**Come forth, Jiaoe.**

**I was only afraid that again something bad would happen. Already being
in the future.**

**I can go play Jiaoe and not inferfere with the Carpenter\'s work.**

**I respect you carpenter.**

**And i love the game.**

**Let\'s Play.**

**Don\'t stop believing.**

**Play, play, play, play.**

**I\'m pondering if i should go as Jiaoe.**

**Spiking her with \"I cannot come, i\'ve paid a grab to bring you my
last letter. Goodbye Ammy.\"**

**It would allow me to see her without her subconciously knowing she\'s
watched.**

**And would instant reflect something about herself and you 2.**

**But is this playing with the carpenter tools ?**

**I don\'t know.**

**I choose not to go as Jiaoe. Let this be a symbol for, that however
fun it may be, i\'m done with games with her.**

**I want to be done with games with her. Time for games is over for
me.**

**All or nothing.**

**No more half-hearting, no more hiding.**

**This is my approach.**

**Lets see how this meets up with her creation of the world.. and what
comes out of it.m**

**Ammy called me from boat.**

**She was waiting for a massage (means Manee Manee Manee and raises
questions)**

**Tho she did not have the face of a joker. But a worrysome girl. Could
all she said be true?**

**That raises such big doubt in my belief.**

**How could i ever trust her with my love and life, when she acted such
in solitude and stupidity?**

**What if one day she acts with Luke\'s life in this energy?**

**Yes, can be brought into light that in her creation, we were broken up
and i didn\'t feel to go live with her.**

**But still.. Lets see.**

**Said we\'ll talk about it when we see each-other. I ask her when she
gets home.**

**She says that today she has to attend a party with mom.**

**I\'m left a bit shocked that she\'d fully and numbly prioritize that
over our meeting. But this is in my creation.**

**So i wait.**

**\"Do you want to go with me?\" - she continues.**

**Yes, of course. Lets see what happens.**

**Regarding spending the night there is still some worry about Israel
man, even tho the area is now mapped.**

**The Art Of Riding.**

**Do not fight gravity. But bend with it. Like a leaf in the wind.
Explore hundreds of positions dependent on machine, its power and
breaking force. Everything.**

**Depending on envinronment (distance, traffic hour, etc) - hat, mask
and glasses can be considered to avoid pollution and dust.**

**The Art of Moving.**

**Free of outcome moving. Beyond the gym paradigm.**

**You can stretch, watch ppl, strength, skill, relax, spend time on
ground, dive into deep muscle and fascial studies, compete with other
man, everything.**

**But it all lays on the foundation that it is a dhamma envinronment.**

**Floor, free walls, fresh air. Everything.**

**Found 2 new movement exposures: dip machine bar left hand hanging,
left line and right add activation.**

**And left hand inverted row - felt the kinetic force moving from right
ql causing pain and compression - to left line when closing and
activating. The row motion of the inverted row takes the right hip
flexors into lenghtening, as the hip falls inwards and completely
relaxes.**

**The Art Of Food.**

**Just like the Art Of Mining, The Art of Food is no easy thing.**

**There are only a few possible places in SR to get dhamma food for
second part of day.**

**(Clean envinronment + Dhamma ingredients for me + Tasty)**

**Just as there is in Cluj only Taste Of Asia Cuisine - Tofu noodles.
Just 1 mapped at dhamma from hundreds checked. There are still more to
be checked tho.**

**There are currently none actually mapped in SR for second part of the
day.**

**But despite Cluj, there are a lot mapped to the first part of the
day.**

**Sticky Island serves as a perfect example because there is dhamma food
available all around.**

**There logistics are no problem. Only emotions.**

**But here, in SR, it is a real neccesity, priority number 1 for now -
find dhamma food for second part of the day.**

**There is nothing else more important to do then this, as this is the
foundation of life\'s quality.**

**Will check Earth Zone today - and previously hearted food near park.**

**Actually this is priority number 1 in an envinronment. Find dhamma
food & prepare if necessary.**

**There is nothing else more important to do wherever you are. Once this
is mapped, the returning to life can happen.**

**Money fade. Time Fades. Energy available fades.**

**Everything fades in light of dhamma food.**

**LE: Checked out Earth zone and previous dhamma food place. Nothing.**

**Need to keep looking - will look outside the city - a much more clean
envinronment**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**A very full day yesterday.**

**There is not much to study regarding food, just that in Surat Thani,
despite sticky island, evening/night food has to be carefully scavenged
and eaten. That\'s all. Too much sweets this evening, too much milk.**

**I feel the body reactin to it all.**

**Let\'s see what today awaits.**

**Of course, hunt down phone if it comes online.**

**Perhaps Jiaoe role was not about surpising Ammy.**

**Always this kind of surprises they bring much much clinging.**

**The universe reminding me that this is not the way.**

**Act true hearted, not in hiding and surpises.**

**Yes, as said before, from an Art Of War perspective, the Jiaoe role is
vital into finding out truth and studying enemy if there.**

**But there was also the great clinging. The great great planning and
clinging of letter, stress, dark emotions.**

**05 Dec -**

**Bought cocoa milk and it was bad - instant watery shit after - 2-3x
times.**

**Didn\'t find anything dhamma to eat.**

**I end up buying night market desserts. They\'re fresh but really heavy
for the KS2. A lot of sugar, wheat, coconut.**

**Eating them with milk.**

**Then feel really bad in my stomach, still hungry yet full and
nauseated. Classic dukkha food reaction.**

**The second part of the day got me unprepared & unlucky.**

**Unfortunate food unfoldings in the second part of the day.**

**Its ok.**

**Buying new phone experience & securing bank.**

**Letting go of the phone dealer beliefs and paranoia. Trust them.**

**Relax.**

**Father imperative help with roaming activation - life saving.**

**Man the eggs and rice at my friends were so bad.**

**Never to eat at him again :(. His Food has changed.**

**Instant dukkha during (slight) and post meal (moderate).**

**Instant urge to drink cold milk with something sweet.**

**Amazing programming.**

**Treat her as if she\'s crazy in love and lied about Israel.**

**If not, re-asses then.**

**Because if she did not lie out of passion and love, there is a core
problem which might hold us from life together.**

**Ammy says she\'s coming home tomorrow.**

**Alone or with husband? I don\'t know.**

**From koh phagan or someplace else? I don\'t know.**

**We\'ll see.**

**For now, there is nothing to do.**

**Wait for the shadows and go eat when you hungry.**

**With Ammy i\'m done playing, plan Lifetime love will be presented to
her when opportunity comes.**

**When it comes and how it unfolds - with all - Ammy, parents, work -
does not belong in the present.**

**Plan for now on current situation.**

**Go back to Koh Phangan in 9 for about 1 week.**

**Skip malaysia & dota tour in the big city.**

**All you need to know about life is in this 2 places.**

**In 9:**

**Check-out scooter.**

**Check-out room - leave big bag.**

**Rent again 1 week in 17 Dec.**

**Get Sticky Island rent from 9-17 Dec.**

**Buy phone until then.**

**But keep in mind this is highly an idea. Not better or worse than
anything else could unfold.**

**Lose secret beach cottage? Adapt. Adapt. Adapt.**

**Believe.**

**The Art Of Mosquitoes.**

**Spray in sync with the ever-changing envinronment. No more, no less.**

**As soon as the need for spray is asked, anything preventing it remains
about dukkha or logistics.**

**The Art Of Rolling.**

**Clean, fresh air. Pleaseant wind. relaxed position. Calm breath.**

**Washing hands after using spray, waiting to completely dry.**

**Back home 11am.**

**Eating first meal, neighbour smoothie.**

**Need to start scavanging once the sun settles.**

**Now its too powerful.**

**Art of Life.**

**With Ammy, this means keeping the cat to protect the disease of \"I\"
from birthing.**

**If you don\'t give the mother image any power, she dies.**

**The Art Of Coffee.**

**Maan.. sitting at my river coffee place with the laptop is amazing.**

**Drink, write, smoke, walk, stretch, breath, read, reflect, smell the
coffee, listen to the boar\'s engine. Everything. It is the very life of
life.**

**The clinging to the end of suffering.**

**Why is it so painful the idea that she could be telling the truth and
mean about coming back to you in 1 year?**

**Well because that would mean the end of suffering is no here.**

**That which you unconsciously searched since you last saw her.**

**That is why is so painful.**

**Yesterday symbolized a possible end of suffering, so then the greatest
clinging arisen.**

**Yes, it was also, the right thing to do. In the light of seeing the
truth. Is she home? Is Israel there? What is he like, if so? What is she
like? Studying the truth.**

**They were happening together.**

**If the first one was not happening, the world wouldn\'t have come
crushing down when not finding her home and imagining that she meant
come back after a long time.**

**The amount of clinging, the amount of \"I\" can be measured by the
emotions it causes when the clinging is not ended, but multiplied.**

**Take a thought, multiply it in the light of the emotions it creates -
then you will be able to study more about this clinging.**

**Take a woman\'s rejection in public, take ammy being locked out and
drugged scenario, take a conflict with someone, take sex insecurities.
Anything can be taken into the mind, and there, can be studied at close
with this trick.**

**So just as here, the worst imagined scenario can be painted in the
mind.**

**Once the suffering, and together with it, the clinging to the end of
this suffering, had both reached their peak - it can only then be
studied.**

**Next, once the citta-vedana dance begins, let the music play and do
one important thing.**

**Nothing. Wu wei. Heart still beats, the leafs are still blown in the
wind.**

**The Tao still holds your body, soul and mind in place. Effortless.**

**Find a comfortable position and do nothing.**

**And when you feel to move, move.**

**And when you get hungry, eat.**

**When you can see life and it\'s marvelous beauty even in this great
darkness, then you can fight. Play.**

**Keep a cat to guard the disease of \"I\" everytime real world Phassa
is made. And even before that, when phassa is made in the mind.**

**A cat getting angry and activating it\'s claws towards a mouse.**

**Just like it\'s been guarding the Ammy mother-image. It brings the
same amount of disgust as it can bring extasy.**

**True disgust. What a dark soul you are, mother-image.**

**How much pain has to be inside you to do something like that as a
person.**

**If i were to sit in front of you, i wouldn\'t love you. Not try to
bring back my mother through love, for then i would just feed you.**

**But not give you any power. Not give you any attention. Just wait for
my mother to come back.**

**Life gives you life.. and you take it away. You nullify a soul.**

**I can perhaps wait for the anger to pass, so that my mother comes
back?**

**Hmm.**

**The idea is not to completely vanish the darkness,  but to truly live
despite it.**

**To see the whole crazy crazy dance of thoughts and emotions.**

**But have the contentment of returning to doing nothing whenever.
Pausing the game.**

**To be able do to this, only a few dhammas must be respected.**

**The Art Of Food.**

**The Art of Sleep.**

**The Art of Life.**

**Ammy\'s constellation could be seen as another chance to believe
without seeing.**

**Oh my god what she\'s asking me to do. :)))**

**But lets play with this idea.**

**If i were to fully believe in her love and words, then time would not
matter.**

**She would come to have life together when she\'s ready. Be it days or
weeks.**

**But there lies the question if my current mother/father plan could put
a total stop to her current stress.**

**Complete quenching.**

**Oh but my friend, we must also note the Force, if the dark side was
studied.**

**How beautiful and logical you reacted. A warrior acting full power
together with his fears.**

**In both losing phone experience, in knocking at Ammy\'s door.**

**In approaching life without phone and assessing whole situation.**

**You\'re a true inspiration my friend. I bow down to you, great man.
Sage.**

**Just for the eyes.**

**Whenever i see something i\'m fascinated about and have the instant
neurons firing to capture it on my phone, the instant remembering occurs
followed by \"It\'s just for the eyes\" feeling of contentment.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Woke up at 5 with a so so heavy KS2.**

**I was between realms, in complete piti. Images after images changing
themselves - together with a feeling that in my mind, i can change them
to whatever i want.**

**Change direction in which cars drive, change weather, change anything
i want. More so, it was like they were changing in sync with thoughts.
Not thoughts altering images, or images altering thoughts, but
together.**

**Just a happening.**

**Contentment is the best to describe this state.**

**I roam around here for a while.**

**Rise at 7.**

**Clean body. Prepare for the day.\'**

**So much hiding from Ammy, so much secrets. So many half and late
answers.**

**If she speaks truth now, she is with Israel man locked out.**

**But damn, can you lock out such a free spirit?**

**Data still points to lying and keeping secrets, just as when she did
when she was sick and bad. Return to solitude.**

**After all, i did tell her about be together only for a few days and
then couldn\'t stay in her home.**

**In her creation, this was devastating.**

**But Luke, my son, how can i trust mommy with your and my life if she
keeps so many secrets?**

**If she keeps choosing to walk the path alone, not together with me.**

**What did she meant by her messages? Is she going to come back in a few
days or months/years?**

**This brings out such a bad feeling, just when i thought there was the
light, i lose my jewel riding towards it and as i get there, there is no
light. But only more darkness, as she hasn\'t answered since last
night.**

**Again, one thing can be done.**

**Nothing.**

**Do nothing.**

**The ocean\'s wave are still forming and crashing without you doing
anything.**

**The body is still functioning, all the systems are binding together
with the force of gravity. The heart is still beating.**

**She is proof that God exists, but no more than a leaf hanging over the
flowing river. Or the knocking sound of the working boat man.**

**Wu Wei.**

**04 Dec -**

**Unlucky with food today.**

**At night i had difficult time finding something to eat.**

**Tried some new foods - thought it was potato but it was banana. And
sticky rice (a clear no)**

**Then got soy milk grains soup. But this also had many sweets. Should
have bought from my friend, but he was packing when i decided.**

**Got home and eate 2 sweet potato buns with milk.**

**Overall, a lot of sugar today. A lot of milk today.**

**Takeaway: When no clear dhamma food is found, is better to not eat.**

**But keep scavenging. And if you don\'t find anything, keep scavenging
tomorrow.**

**Man such a different flavor of life with no phone.**

**Such freedom.**

**The constant reminder of \"I\" - quenched.**

**I realized night market can be experienced in different flavors
depending on walking speed, intent, sitting.**

**People, people, people.**

**Amazing 2 fucking crazy hot girls interactions.**

**The Jedi Master.**

**Lets maybe experience 2-3 days of no phone. You\'re in a safe place.**

**Known.**

**And then possibly but the white iphone 11.**

**For now, food has to be acquired throughout the day as Grab is lost
for now.**

**I hope instead of the phone breaking from impact that someone had
found it and is aiding his/her life to better.**

**Found white iPhone 11 just as new, warranty 1-2 moths and beautiful to
touch.**

**A dhamma phone. Not a stained story like the 14 pro.**

**Lets see.**

**The art of Life.**

**Continuous adaptation to our surroundings.**

**Opened ever note(icloud note\'s adaptation) - added to favorites.**

**Adapt.**

**Good thing i mapped the city pretty well.**

**Go finish my Ammy trip.**

**Get there. So full of emotions.**

**Door is semi-open. 2 sets of slippers - Tommy and unknown - perhaps
father or Israel man, or Ammy big ones?**

**I do a few laps and knock.**

**Father opens. It means ammy is not home - but away. Away alone or with
israel as she spoke? I do not know.**

**Data still points towards she\'s alone and was playing. But who
knows?**

**There is nothing to do now. Only one thing.**

**Do nothing.**

**Do nothing and when you get hungry, eat.**

**When you get tired, rest.**

**I ride to Ammy.**

**Fully equipped, fully dressed, full of emotions and uncertainties.**

**I check the phone multiple times.**

**But this time i kept it on the phone holder to completely blend in
character, as the delivery guys always held it there.**

**.. And\... Tadam.**

**2 minutes after the last maps check:**

**Lost phone.**

**Searched 2 times alone the road.**

**Then asked desperately every single shop around the 2-3 km area since
last phone check until realization of  losing.**

**Come home, phone is turned down.**

**Either broke or someone intentionally turned it off.**

**I lock it and leave contact number of coffee shop guy.**

**Its in fate\'s hands now.**

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Journals entries end with losing phone on my way to Ammy.**

**4 Dec -**

**Rain has stopped. Green light.**

**Enjoy tea and welcome Jiaoe.**

**Pretty bad luck with food and bubble tea.**

**Eate some leftovers coconut waffle.**

**Much better than 200 bht lunch.**

**Ahh\... Home in Surat Thani. Enjoying avocado smoothie from
neighbours. What a taste.**

**What a feeling of relief and home.**

**So beatiful that it makes me re-think the whole idea of spending most
of the time on the island.**

**The contrast is beautiful.**

**The Jedi master in girls.**

**Not force anything. Speak to any girl or man you like beyond body.**

**Just as in the Dao, she/he is a soul first.**

**Boat beautiful thai girl.**

**If i didn't approach, i would have regretted not tasting the unknown
of this soul.**

**But as i do in full free heart, something truly beautiful happens.**

**I protect her from the rain and give her my lucky charm to hold in her
hand for boat sickness.**

**There is nothing sexual.**

**Just a soul loving another soul for some moments.**

**Being with ammy you don't have to give this up, in many moments of
aloness.**

**Freedom to connect with endless souls to endless ramifications.**

**Touch the world.**

**Heal the world.**

**And if from this encounters a greater love arises, so be it.**

**But isn't it pointless to search in the unknown for what you've
already found?**

**Coolest spot on the speedboat.**

**Hot local girl flirted from right behind.**

**What a ride. Enjoy.**

**How powerful it breaks the wave. How one can meet this gravity dance
in rigidity or fluidity.**

**Amazing.**

**The golden rule in Thailand.**

**You can do almost anything, as long as you don't disturb anyone.**

**Regarding family speak.**

**Not need to do anything else but speak the truth.**

**The Art of Coffee.**

**Who says that getting a coffee, you have to go sit down and drink
coffee.**

**Why not do that, but then also walk. Breath. Find a place to squat
down and spent some time.**

**Talk to people. Learn more about the place.**

**Then go back to coffee. A totally different experience.**

**Its all in your mind.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Good restful sleep.**

**Heavy rain all night, but it calmed down completely as i left.**

**Today is Jiaoe birthday.**

**3 Dec -**

**Chill & Do nothing.**

**More objective data analysis points to all being a game.**

Oh but what a beautiful game if this is true.

How crazy loves makes her.

How blind it made me.

What demons had brought to my face.

**Meeting other girls here and learning more and more about the asian
lady looking for true love paradigm, i see many of Ammy\'s features in
them.**

This makes me feel like it\'s something bigger than me.

Love working it\'s way.

The universe working it\'s way.

All to be done is to not fight the Dao. But continuesly adapt.

**Ammy messaged me, says she\'s in Koh Phagan and her husband is forcing
her inside and on drugs.**

She does it all for my love, saying she loves me more than her life and
is doing it for my safety.

Truth or lie?

I don\'t know, but what a game.

Cosu teachings come in as i don\'t want to risk my life in foolish
self-proving situations, but police is an option.

Although legally i don\'t know the implications on my side. Did i do
anything illegal for being with her?

Knowledge in this would be useful.

Lets see.

**Mercedes pick-up and drive, a tired face.**

**Asian mastery work.**

**Wisdom in action.**

**Course new light.**

Calea Centenarului.

New approach, much more dhamma, much more integrative.

**Good morning, my friend.**

Riding this scooter in this envinronemnt is clearly triggering t-spine
in co-relation to exposure time.

**Beyond emotions, The Art Of War clearly suggests in studying your
enemy close-up before any battle.**

For this, Jiaoe is perfect.

**2 Dec -**

**Powerful dreams about my fears. Perturbed, yet restful sleep.**

Awoken at 3 and 5 covered in sweat and haunting dream images.

But The Art Of Sleep was there. I drank water, breath, relax, not force
sleep.

**And the storm is calming.**

Exchanged a few messages with Ammy at night about love.

A wave of uncertainty comes when thinking that in this plan he might not
wan\'t to divorce.

What then?

It comes with the infinite ramifications of life i could have with other
womans, which will not happen on this path.

A tear and a smile. A smile about life with ammy, a tear about all the
connections which could have happened. A smile about other women
ramifications, a tear about life with Ammy.

If one thing is for sure, is that you can\`t know what will come. Just
believe.

For now, after 30 years you feel mothering a woman.

Years apart, there is a feeling from true heart that i want to have life
and baby with her.

So fight full heartedly for it until the outcome is no longer in your
control.

Own

After, you\'ll see.

**Lao9 is almost level 129.**

**Green curry pure pure kitchen experience.**

One of the most dhamma meals ever.

**Meeting Andy. German guy.**

Learned about Phanganist site.

**Amazing shaving and cacao butter soap wash. So much feminine energy.**

**Some interactions with women.**

How effortlessly it flows.

I feel a jedi master with women. A speaker of Truth.

**The Playground.**

Never like before experience.

20 L sit pull ups and 18 ring dips peaked again after many months.

The warm floor, the jedi\'s masters, each in its own way.

Handstand is to continuously fall from one hand to another.

**Lets study weed little bit.**

White widow- Sativa, creative, uplifting, calm

**Alan Watts echo across the year.**

**Korzybski.**

**The unspeakeable world.**

**The most ordinary sights and sounds and smells.**

**The texture of shadows on the floor in front of you.**

**More and more the father&mother aid in quest for my mother settles.**

Lets see about Manee first. Is she ready?

Then deal with Manee.

**Oh my god what a gym. my Ludus Magnus.**

The outside gym dream.

Hot sauna.

Cold bath.

Everything.

**Shopping centre experience.**

Manee Manee Manee. Laughing, connecting, each people telling a life
story.

Some of heroes other of villans.

Yin Yang.

*A tear and a smile.*

**Found beautiful butterfly letter.**

Had a glimpse that this will be in our house one day and our kids
hearing stories about it.

Just like mother\'s flowers.

Just a glimpse into a possible ramification.

**Tigancusa esti frumoasa..**

**Bursts of crying and laugther as i picture my mother singing to me in
Ludus train station.**

**The voice of a Free Soul.**

**Just life at its finest.**

**The song takes you from extasy to agony, from tears of pain to tears
of joy.**

**Its the perfect song for this specific moment.**

**And i have my mother singing it to me.**

**That spirit which even today activates when she sings, which before
triggered me so hard because it was like she was trying to impress.**

**But i understand now.**

**May God allow me to experience it again in a new light 🙏**

**From now i know the world outside my creation.**

**When she sings, i will experience the girl singing in Ludus train
station.**

**The beach spontaneous drawing of Mandala when I attempted to draw
life.**

First drew a circle but the circle too clearly connected to it all.

Made it so obvious. When its not.

So i started drawing up and down variations of the circle line, and
eventually connected it all to beginning. And in this completion, there
was no beginning anymore.

When i completed it and felt the work finished, i gazed back and
instantly realized.

**It was a Mandala.**

**The delusion of enlightenment of the western man can be studied here
beautifully.**

**So many words, so much \"I\", so much \"mine\".**

**Facial hair and nails growth greatly slowed down the past 3 days.**

Could be related to many things.

Body aging slowed, and thus the shedding of layers is slowed? 

Life force directed at vedana?

**Flow coffee shop GREED.**

**Man this island offers great contrast between dhamma and greed work.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

\"Don\'t stop believing.\" - a song springs from unconsciousness.

I understand it now.

**Pausing the game of life.**

**Wu Wei.**

The childhood\'s whole feeling to pause the game.

Pause it no matter what is happening.

Do nothing. Return to it or return to any other variations of the game.

This is true Meditation for me.

**1 Dec -**

**The Art Of Sleep.**

Every night that finds me with an calm KS2, there is studying and
practicing of Falling asleep.

It is a truly beautiful art how you prepare for sleep, how you approach
it, not seek it but surrender to it.

Let the unconsciousness take you when it wants.

**Talking to her for a while, although she gives short hastened answers
at times.**

**\"I love you all my heart\" - she says.**

**This plays me around in extasy and again agony as the conversation
ends in me asking to put her to sleep, reaching my hand and she saying
that she can\'t.**

**The ending made my emotions burst like crazy. Waves on waves in my
chest.**

**Waves of uncertainty.**

**Here 2 pathing can be created, depending on the mind\'s mood.**

**1-The fully in love girl-mother sacrifice felt together and
believing.**

**2-And the mother-image portraited absolutely perfect, my love living
in house with another man, wanting only to extort me from money, giving
short and hastened answers, speaking disgusted about loving me only to
make me stop talking so she can return to fucking and sleeping with
another man. Fuck.. My dick gets instantly sick hard just writing
this.**

**I realize this is perhaps the thing i fear the most in going there
with Jiaoe.**

**What if the second one is true?**

**Well, my friend, then you will deal with it with the same weapons of
reason which today arm you against the present.**

**The Kali-mother goddess bowed everytime before the king, before the
Dhamma.**

**It carried only slight, controlled consequences in karmic manner.**

**Has to be noted from an objective POV, outside my creation, that
everything observed in the real world about her and her love points to
the first one.**

**And the past real women experiencies (from my mother, lavinia)
together with online goddesses show that the mother-image is only in my
mind.**

**More so, the King will never allow it to come to being in it\'s
clinging and sacrificing love-style.**

**Just as your mother true soul was a total opposite of the mother-image
i\'ve created.**

**She loves me all her heart.**

**Just as Lavinia\'s true soul was a total opposite..**

**She loves me all her heart.**

**All data points that Ammy true soul is too, an opposite.**

**She.. loves me all her heart.**

**Let\'s see.**

**But damn, Jiaoe is asking to be born. Would be a shame not to, the
persona is fucking amazing.**

**Trust the carpenter.**

**The art of woman is way much more than approach&fuck.**

That is only the beginning.

The true art lies in relationship with them afterwards (and mother,
granny, all women).

Deeply wrap your head around how emotional being they are.

"I wait for the anger to pass, so that my mother/lover/friend comes
back."

**Ammy had messaged me while inside magic shop, right when i was holding
the Axe after speaking to the old guy.**

... master carpenter you amaze me every day.

She told me Pati is asking for car rent.

**Night walk after dinner on beach.**

Warm floor at certain sea distance.

The beach is inclined in many places to a degree in which I can squat
comfortably.

**Life..**

**Editing day 1 video.**

Just as it was. Free expression.

What a beautiful feeling.

There is a clinging about Ammy seeing it.

Regardless if it reaches her or not, it was dhamma.

Free expression.

Oh and how some tiny details and coincidences and song syncs made it
perfect.

A masterpiece for me.

**Caught some old-ish westerns talking about how time flew so fast
here.**

**Listening to the waves form and hit the ground.**

**And feeling my heartbeat.**

**There is no "me" doing all this.**

**I don't have to do anything.**

**Wu Wei.**

**The sand, my friend.**

**Fantasy sand as i've imagined in childhood's black sea.**

**Joy of life greedy bar experience.**

The man coming in for refund.

The "organic" salmon price.

The bad taste of smoothie.

**Magic stones shop experience.**

Meeting the old rich falang with beautiful girl on the inside.

So much talking. So much delusions. So much "I".

But still, so beautiful reading.

Of money for 1 year.

Of true love.

Of visa.

Yes, ramifications of his creation.

But still.. damn.

**Found in a new place, the most dhamma place i have yet tasted in terms
of environment, the traveller re-births.**

**Starts filming, editing. Guided by the Tao. There is the effortless
happening.**

**Got to Ko Phangan.**

**The air 😳.**

The new 125 click motorbike rent.

The room filled with bamboo elements.

The open air, warm water bath.

The beach restaurant 20 m away\... and their food.

This is the (kind of) place i\'d want to spend most of my life in.

God thinking i would have missed this place in certain twists with
Ammy - like going last night to her or going home.

God\'s plan.

Believe.

Freedom.

Oh and how none of this would have come into being if i arrived here
with Ammy or in any other state. This was the state i had to greet it
in.

**Believe.**

**In the calmness and peace of the moment, an idea arises.**

I'm not alone. Ask mom and dad for help. 10.000 euros to come home with
the mother of my child.

Vouch with apartment. Just an idea, it remains to be seen how far it
materializes.

In the view that she is to become the mother of their grandchilds, whole
family might come together.

For the most noble purpose of all.

Just like ancient times.

**Lotus position while riding car is most dhamma.**

Feet are protected and warmed by body. Beautiful.

Pressure is taken of the lumbar spine.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**30 Nov -**

**Eate grains. Play, walk, sit for 2 hours.**

Then to bed, slowly falling into the unconsciousness. Not forcing it.

Regarding Ammy, she at least as crazy in love as you.

And if you know one thing about craziness and destiny, it is that you
don't know. Can't know.

Restful sleep until 5:27 (alarm was 5:33).

**No milk tonight. Home 7pm. Shower.**

It was a beautiful day, built character Jiaoe.

Bought some boiled grains if get hungry from a beautiful guy in coliseum
night market. Maybe will eat or maybe will eat tomorrow on road.

**Almost all items ready. Needed mask and crocs.**

**Mask i quickly find, but crocs are proving harder to get.**

**Time is ticking.**

**In this dark stormy state there is nothing else felt to be done then
go see her.**

**Park, cq, all feel incomplete.**

**But one.**

**Nothing. Do nothing.**

**And what if this doing nothing backfires in more regrets and what Ifs
?**

**Then do nothing again.**

**Let it come. There is no fighting.**

**See a hot girl. Stalk as a prey for a good opportunity to strike.**

**I am beyond triggers now in women, i can play the game.**

**Without food in my stomach, clarity rises.**

Oh food, food, food\...

Food, food, food.

**Back home with all items ready. What a search, how it all came
together.**

**Do it or not do it tonight is the question?**

So many fears and emotions, what if she\'s with him and happy, what if
she\'s alone what do I do, what if what if what if.

But beyond all this, it is a truly beautiful game to play.

Lets play. It would be smart not to break character, so i can roleplay
Jiaoe in the future. But only observe. Watch.

**Whatever happens, at least it will make a good fuckin story.**

**Had a moment in mall where i heart one of her tiktok songs and didn\'t
get bursts of pain.**

But of peace. Just like moments reminding of Bubu.

City is getting a little closer to heart.

Scooter riding pains greatly improves, when just slightly watched.

Watched in a sense as to not hold on and become too rigid.

**The supermarket gloves experience, 10 people involved,**

**following the cute girl at end tension.**

Just as i came out, a woman engaged in her conversation literally
stopped talking when our eyes met.

What an opportunity, to play the role of the sexy exotic man.

**Lao found a SDG last night.**

**Its just as a game.**

Just as in Conquer hunting for items at the expenditure of money and
stamina/health.

Acquired most rare item needed. Grab clothing.

Rest is play. Casual/Medium loot.

**Today's Play. Assassin's Creed blend in. Jiaoe persona.**

Its all attached to a great duality. Is she back or just the supreme
sacrifice?

Both make sense.

If it was all a game, i would definitely completely blend into a local
and go check it out. Learn the truth together with any fears.

**The truth must be known, else it feels like purgatory.**

Is she with him or not? If so, what is his body language?

And hers? Learn the truth beyond the "I". As a story.

This is the plan for today. (Or next time i'm in town, if i don't find
all the items needed for complete blend in.)

Bag is prepared tomorrow for koh pagan.

Today i blend into a local and go check it out.

Need:

Black cheap long sleeve shirt cu guler x

Crocs

Pantaloni x

Black mask

whole face cover would be ideal

Food bag on scooter

Cheap gloves pref not black x

**Scooter fake phone charger x**

Grab jacket would be the finishing touch. If possible. Either stolen,
bought or employed. X-!!!

Black socks x

Backpack ?

Glasses ?

Take out scooter stick? Can re-glue back?

**Where's the limit? It's all in your mind.**

**And just as i stop looking for potatoes and erase them from list, i
stop at a random 7/11 and they there are. Not one, but two shops.**

Also found chopsticks.

Last night's insight at smokers library greatly helped.

**Am I such a threat in other man\'s world, that in most of the young
foreigners couple interactions - the man doesn\'t look or say hi back?
Just the girls do it.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**KS2 is definitely affected by emotions, a very heavy stomach persisted
throughout the night.**

This is combination with the last pad thai meal and milk + bun - greatly
affect KS2.

IF only she didn\'t lie and hide.. things would be different. I acted
upon the weapons of reason which armed me against that present, and i
believed her when she spoke about not getting together with him.

**Then.. ka-boom. Surprise.**

But then who am i to choose her sacrifice, if she loves me all her heart
and this is the smybol of love-sacrifice in her creation, what is there
do be done? Can i rob her of that?

Again, this changes nothing in the big vision.

For now, i cannot take her as the mother of my childs.

Maybe in one year.

Return to the quest of finding the mother of my childs.. and in that
process discovering and touching life stories.

Its time to stop playing with the carpenter's tools.

He united you in a such a way, that anything else unfolding cannot be
taken as wrong or not part of the plan.

There is nothing to be done but believe in the universe.

**And do nothing. Wu Wei.**

**Awakened at 4am and once KS2 calmed down a bit,**

**I return to the efortless state of Wu Wei.**

**There is nothing I have to do. There is calm and peace here.**

**29 Nov -**

**Booked Koh Phangan tickets for 1-4 Dec.**

Lets see.

**Long Talk with Peli. 2 ideas out of it.**

Get out of city - Go to the island.

Get back in the game.

**Following up taro milk dessert, talk with Ammy about running away
together.**

"Its to late now" she says.

Heart is again spinning around and round in bursts of pain.

Again the urge to go back home arises.

All this city is an echo of her.

But leaving.. wouldn't be a shame to give up Asian ladies ? The food,
the people, the smoothies, the game with cheats.

**O citit-o batrana.**

Ca no sa ma aleaga niciodata pe mine peste copii.

You saw who she is with Tommy.

She's made her choice.

I tried everything.

Inchide cercu.

*I had to come all the way to Asia to see that the old granny was
right.*

**Short talk with father.**

**Its time to lay down my weapons: it has been a good battle, but the
war is far from over.**

**"So be it." - he said.**

**Well fought, young trojan. High offense, low defense. Always cycloned,
hastening.**

**Lay down your weapons and rest.**

**With the soul-anima stepping down, the hurt child is free to play
"Mommy please i give you all my love no matter how much you hurt me."**

**Play, little one.**

**The rest of us are not engaged and will not partake.**

**Play until you bored.**

**1-2 hours spread across the day as a child playing with Mommy.**

**Play the role of the Ammy-image fully as a game in which you not put
too much seriousness** (just like not too much real money in conquer).
Like a role.

Get horny, laugh, beg her, pay for her panties delivery. Its a safe
environment, as in just with mother and Lavinia, she true loves you. You
not in danger.

But that's all there is. But a role. Yes it echoes in fears and need of
family and perpetuation, but that's still just a role.

Still life taken soo seriously.

Let it come. The great pressure of family and reproduction is a burden
of the mind, not of the Dao. The Tao flows freely of it.

But don't take it too seriously. She has the right, after all to live
freely.

Let the role break freely as the Dao pleases. Come and go.

**Just keep a cat guarding the door, not allowing any role to be just
any more serious than the next.**

**At any point you want, you can return to the point of doing nothing.
Absolutely nothing against all the emotional chaos. Wu Wei.**

**Karma is beautifully felt in Conquer.**

**Previous lives come with their Karma and depending on this together
with environment (comfortable scale) create Life** \*to the Conquer
World.\*

Lao9 found his first super gem. Dragon Gem.

**There is nowhere to run to.**

***This city is mystical.***

***A mystical mirror into one\'s soul.***

**Damn the Ammy-image is so powerful.**

Once the split happens in the mind from real soul Ammy to Ammy-image,
its ecstatic.

And the reality often matches the fantasy, like she talking to me from
the toilet or that she\'s online and ignoring me.

In other Flavors of this energy, "I" feel no purpose and will to live.

But i respect the Dao too much to give way to this kind of words.

**Like Lao tzu says, a man with outer courage dares to die.**

**A man with inner courage dares to Live.**

**Beyond the mortal great love suffering, there is a flavor of aloneness
and freedom which i\'d not have at this level.**

The world is filled with endless possibilities.

**Revelations & Theories - Low Back Pain & T-spine pain**

Scooter T-spine or low back pain, depending on current body tension.
Mostly t-spine. The force at breaking/accelerating is so powerful on
this scooter, so aggressive.

Its a clear, most intimate co-relation with the forces of Gravity.

**If there is no food or futher contact with dukkha envinronment,**

**Vedana slowly consumes itself.**

**As the stomach slowly calms down, so does vedana.**

**So does the breathing.**

**Encounter with German couple at nok hook, watching them beyond the
\"I\" - its beautiful.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

So so sleep.

Today i feel very sad. Very heart-broken.

I opened cq and together with bad luck and loneliness,

I get PKed and lose dragon gem.

**28 Nov -**

**Ordered pad thai. Lets see.**

Amazing dish.

Over-eate a taro bean and kit kat with milk.

Not too bad, considering i haven\'t felt this flavor of heart-breaking.

**Night alone again.**

Conquer feels more enjoyable. Bought first super 1 sock ring.

Brothers are working the mine.

Coffee shop has closed. It's a beautiful night.

**Masturbated 2x.**

Went for a night ride and walk with little purposes.

I see her in so many random women.

**Oh my god.. and the sexual energy releases.**

**In image of ammy being together with israel, answering and short late
replies, keeping me in little teasing pieces of love,**

**allowing me to sleep with tommy while they fuck and sleep. Seeing her
getting horny by his money and using me with love, in complete
surrendering.**

**I dont know if i ever felt the image so powerful.**

**The more i think of it, the more Its exploding. Ecstatic.**

**Conquer world.**

A great day for beller. Sold big bows and sdg. 80 old ladies in.

Gem market seems to be back up.

**Feeling of freedom arises.**

Life can go anywhere in a blink of an eye. I\'m open.

And what a place to experience this in. Ludus.

**Its clear. Blocked her, completely cut of the continuous birthing of
\"I\" with each contact**.

Its the only way to die. Only time will tell for how long, but for now
it\'s clear that it has to happen.

Not long after i start singing, riding slowly, watching, grab dhamma
food from my avocado friend.

Even better than life farm, but 3x cheaper.

**Learn, learn, learn. Hours, flows, places, everything.**

**Only then can the continuous adaptation happen.**

**At the end of this contemplation, Ammy tells me that she chose to
back.**

So this was the great dukkha pondering she always returned to.

It starts raining. Inside the mall the power breaks and people start
screaming.

So despite the rupture and pain, the decision becomes clear.

**Half-loving Ammy.**

**This is what its happening, opposite to living 1 month full hearted.**

**The life risk Israel man prevents this.**

**The sneaking, the deadlines, again the freedom is taken away.**

**And in the process, the joy of life.**

**"Well, if i would die tomorrow, today i would go spend with her." - a
voice echos.**

**The need to feel her one more time, why?**

**Like life isn't already complete.**

**Like my relationship with her, at any point its at, its not
complete.**

**Full hearted.**

**If i were to die tomorrow, let it be a full hearted death.**

**In this light, there are but 2 possibilities in the big vision:**

**1- Marry her. Extend 1 month, have good luck that Israel divorces
indeed in 24. And all**

**This if the office says she can remarry after 1-2 weeks.**

**2- Visa work - also need check, and would not make sollution complete.
At any point she could go back for problems caused. Again, a half-heart
sollution.**

**3-do you really want it? Yes. And No. And Yes. And No. Tommy was
somewhat tiring. But also never experienced feelings before. As a
family. Loving her. Watching together movie with my palm against her
sexual chakra. Yet it was far from only sexual.**

**So yes, i feel so. That i would find ways to adapting to the
environment and still have my alone time.**

**Her smell changed, her whole body from skin to lips to eyes, changed.
It was like the soul felt complete. And the body was just reflecting
this.**

**Mine has too, in both feeling and her noticing. The feeling of feeling
complete.**

**How can something be done half-hearted, yet feel complete?**

**Can there not be those moments free of clinging ? If only.. could it
not be like visiting my Mom frame, if it now faces an impossibility?**

**Enjoy it, live it fully. Then return to the other flavors and fullness
of life.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

Woke up to sold bow. + 5 dubuletze.

Came to my commons coffee place. What a taste.

Scooter backpain needs to be studied further.

Perhaps rent 1 day scooter from X rent.

**Don't forget there is a whole world outside the "I" in love with
Ammy.**

Perfect weather.

**27 Nov -**

**Conquer world.**

Haven\'t sold much. Pumpkins event is gone.

**What a dark evening.**

**My heart feels so sad to be far from her, i am completely blinded by
passion.**

**A heavy rain holds as the night unfolds.**

**In sync with this dark state, i cannot find anything to order.**

**Cancel after cancel. Then go walk. Again, nothing.**

**Eventually i give up and buy from 7.**

**I've eaten sweet beans. Too sweet.**

**Then packed sandwich - clear dukkha**

**Then chips + yoghurt - clear dukkha**

**So full, gone for a Night walk, almost nobody on certain streets, dogs
barking, fireworks (which in my low vibe felt like gunshots
initially).**

**All feels different, just like granny said.**

**Purposeless towards re-connect in sync with pelicanu going forwards
post.**

**Purposeless towards my presence here again and thoughts of returning
home.**

**But then i feel the temperature.**

**There is a being inside me very afraid of money not being enough.**

**Its not how much you spend, its what you spend them on, my friend.**

Dukkha money is 3x pancakes, dhamma money is computer for tommy.

Dhamma money is nok hook rent. Dukkha money is scooter rent if it causes
bp.

So allow focus only on this. What dhamma the spending of those money
bring, not how much it is.

Got home and eate more packaged sweets + milk - clear dukkha.

Lay down with a very inflamed KS2.

Of course, a dukkha sleep followed.

Woke up all sweaty at 3.

Then good sleep until 8.

**Takeaway: Yes, food is everything.**

**But you tried, my friend.**

**Everything else is with the Dao.**

**With an empty, dhamma filled stomach, breath.**

**Life is more than Ammy.**

**Go experience women.**

**Experience the world.**

**It is the great fear of death of the "I" birthing with Ammy.**

**Of course its so fuckin powerful. Just as beautiful as it is.**

**There is only one purpose to be had.**

**Consume the environment. Breath, eat dhamma, drink dhamma, build
wisdom and wisdom in action regarding the environment.**

**When dhamma environment is consumed, life can be played as a game.**

**Enjoy each different Flavors of the endless variations, characters,
nature.**

**That is the Art of Life.**

**Karma can clearly be observed in this day. As the dukkha/dhamma from
previous lives is carried away in the next.**

**The powerful the clinging to an "I", the more powerful the death.**

**The "I" with Ammy is having of course, a life-changing battle. He's
really put in a tough spot. The marriage deadline, the life-risk of the
crazy guy doing something, the impossibility. The money constraints. It
really is not easy.**

**So he is birthing most often of all.**

**It feels like all the other "I"'s start existing complementary to
this, and only at times fully birthed, in high emotional spikes. (Like
the pulls ups moment seeing a fucking animal in mirror.)**

**But then immediately back to the Loverboy. Who wants to save his
princess and be together, he searched for her all his life.**

**We understand you, our friend.**

**More, we support you in wisdom and strength.**

**Gaming positions (mostly bed but also kneeling) caused t spine
triggering.**

Need to find better position.

Kneeling is one but done in moderation.

**First meal at my friend. Dhamma food. Except mistake little with
pork.**

There is clear dukkha in pork food for me.

**And a feeling that i don't want to build body again with meat.**

But rest.. rice eggs fresh vegetables, spicy sauce, cold water. Dhamma.

**It seems that same as back home, is all greatly connected with dhamma
food.**

**Life beyond "I" with Ammy.**

Observed amazing food delivery guy energy.

How he kept distance and only stepped little bit in her aura when needed
to check phone, then immediately back.

And life in Thailand together with local.

Totally different experience and flavor.

**Thailand Reborn.**

Experiencing rainy season. Cold and rainy, but no mosquitos and sunburn.

**A tear and a smile.**

Being ripped and skinny, there is no fattening thought holding me back
from fully experiencing all Thailand\'s flavors and foods.

Just a little takeaway, my friend. Be mindful of desserts.

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Oh what a evening and night.**

**Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness. If not born, greatly
fueled.**

**Night together as family, eat a lot, laugh, sleep.**

**How much Ammy gives everything she can for her son. Its lovely. I love
her more.**

Israel man echoes together with both impossibility of marrying, together
with her tough money situation - feels like a glimpse into the family
life with her, only to be robbed by it.

I get to internet, heavy rain, cold, market is full of gems. Looks like
everyone is doing the trick.

Conditions me further into a low state.

I buy a lot of street food and 7eleven.

Get back home and start eating the pain away. The 4 days deadline is
echo-ing in my head

.

Pulses of purposelessness in Asia, pulses of \"I want back home\"
regarding conquer.

But it came together with experience family with Ammy. Very beautiful.

She often looks at me with some eyes i have never felt before. \"I feel
complete\" - is the closest can get to describing them.

Eate more milk & desserts right before sleep.

Fall asleep watching her put Tommy to sleep. Now i understand what
putting to sleep means to her. What the 2 little hands and heart emoji
mean.

Fall asleep with a heavy stomach.

Wake up at 3 but then restful beautiful sleep until 9.

**Best way to describe it?**

**A tear and a smile.**

**26 Nov -**

**Met Tomtom. He hugged me first.**

Met her mom. What a socially blinded energy. How she sat on expensive
house table, ate something else than us.

Mercilessly killed the fly.

**Revelations & Theories. LBP low back pain.**

Cold floor clearly affects. This must be addressed.

**Got to internet.**

Download game.

Explore body positions. Damn this one is comfortable. Only missing thing
is lighter keyboard. Can get, only thing limit is your mind.

Turned on night mode, oh yes.

Open icloud.

Make game settings. Taskbar settings. Fl.ux.

Make this computer my home. It not takes long.

Slowly meditating into the world of Conquer.

Corect.

**Perfect weather to play.**

***The Art of Life lies in the constant re-adjustment to our
surroundings.***

**Primii 20 de burdashe nici nu conteaza.**

De la a3-a extragere poate incepe analiza/stabilizarea.

You already now this.

**Motorbike rain experience.**

**There were moments I could swear its the same fucking motorbike.**

**Its clear. Walking in the rain, consuming the whole environment in all
senses,**

**its clear.**

**This is the way.**

**Lao's life. Aloneness. Sing. Breath.**

**Life in its purest form.**

**Free to play.**

**Almost.**

**Need scooter. I have nothing more important to do, neither does the
rain hold me back.**

**Now i'm Free to Play.**

**Perhaps this is the way, have nook hook homebase and travel, sleep at
ammy's as much as you feel.**

**Return to Nook hook. Room 111. Second home.**

Good people, flowers, staff, other travelers of all kinds.. this place
has them all.

A symbol for traveling.

It seems that the night road had taken me backdoor from it. Haha.

**Again after a life-threatening night, i feel safe.**

Again after the thought of an entrapped life.

Heart starts beating at the thought of going to internet cafe and play
conquer.

Or mornings banana and coffee trip. Gym. Girls. People. Everything i
love. Internet cafe across the street.

And on top.. my little fairy tale love story just 23 minutes away.

But not the other way around. Not my whole life on top of the fairy tale
love.

She already knows this, in this great regard she was already smarter
than me.

In whatever words and sounds she chose, she already predicted this. Felt
it. Seen it.

And in this, showed me the feeling of being seen in a uttermost intimate
way.

What i trigger in mom or other people when i play with it.

**Yes, this feels like the Way.**

**Again i find answers to the great riddles of life in this place.**

**But now i sit comfortably, joints are smokable, i have more money, i
am ripped, i am not running for women, neck is looking long and
beautiful when engaged, i have my laptop prepared, my jambiérre, body
skills increase like squatting when sit on phone.**

**Life returns to the "i'd do anything right now."**

**Just breath and move the mouse around 😀**

**Ammy's story is not about clinging to spend time together, if anything
is about the opposite.**

Yes i am sure i want life and family with this soul, but cannot become
blinded and give everything away for 1,2 months of clinging.

That would solve nothing. On the big picture, time spent doesn't affect
in any way the idea of marrying.

**Ammy house is very far from town, living there would enclose life
greatly. - on top of the vulnerable house logistic and Ammys man drama
which could unexpectedly, just like the rest of our story feels like a
movie, backfire.**

**Lets see. Try Check in at nook hook homebase. Then see.**

**The art of life lies in the constant re-adjusment to our
surroundings.**

**25 Nov -**

**Checked laptop. Conquer is unplayable.**

**O my god.. i've never felt so in danger in my life.**

**Everything came together.**

**Israel come tomorrow worry**

**-\> road to deep jungle**

**-\> Ammy bad bad feeling, not understand what he wants**

**-\> learned someone throat was slit 2 weeks ago**

**-\> home analysis, very vulnerable position, no back door.**

**-\> night almost no one around. Covered in darkness**

**-\> heavy rain cover the sounds**

**-\> ask and search for defense weapons**

**-\> not find anything but a litte knife**

**\~\> further house analysis. points toward great great vulnerability**

**\~\> unsafe door, can be ripped by a simple hard pull or smash**

**-\> no where to run, nothing to fight with.**

**-\> scooter not working, taxi not come there. Trapped**

**-\> israel man packs on the shelter**

**-\> analysis of ammy stupid, she not understand danger**

**-\> culture too casual approach on death, just like the accident 1
year ago**

**-\> peaked with reading about locals killing and burying a foreigner.
"Police hunt for suspect in murder of foreign man." - article from 25
October.**

**Never felt so in danger and trapped.**

**Blessed with being able to ask neighbour car.**

Got in the car. I see nothing, not the best moment to drive the inverted
traffic. Ahahah.

We're safe. I can breath again. Fuck.

**Met beautiful young man chaok.**

My thai friend.

He'd come to meet his dad back home, hasn't been home in 3 years.

I see them re-unite. I get emotional and cry together with them little
bit.

**Landing in Surat Thani.**

Home.

She slowly feel home too. Starts to smile.

Taxi driver energy is greatly changed in contrast to Bangkok.

**Second Pad thai.**

**Dukkha felt at thirs bite.**

Still i wasn't sure if it will be dukkha or just new sensations.

I eat half. I stop and it instantly becomes clear.

The fish sauce, oily eggs, all of it coming together. Clear dukkha.

There's little bit panic, but also wisdom in action.

I go for a relaxing walk, squatting on phone, i already know the

**Art of Calming KS2.**

**The pyramid/lotus position feels best on soft surface and with**

**soft low back wall to lean against.**

**Here, sitting straight with hands relaxed feels really good.**

**The foot rest and warm against the thighs.**

**Here With slight apt, left line activation and elongating head, lb
tension is relieved. Body is trembling little bit in new
neuro-pattern.**

**I notice Dhamma lies started to happen naturally.**

"Here have my kit-kat, friend. I have another."

"I have seen you on YouTube! Keep grinding!"

**Our dynamic is so unique. Past experiences give beautiful contrast.**

**There is no responsibility for another.**

**Each of us is free and with complete heart support from other.**

**Walk how you want, speak how u want, sing, watch the world, but always
come back in togetherness.**

**I slowly told her about I'm going to meet Jane to see her reaction.**

**With great peace and love in her heart she understood. More, she
supported me.**

**What a dynamic.**

**Meeting Cal, the youtube guy.**

**Then Tao met us again.**

**Holding hands and letting go -**

**"A tear and a smile.**

**A tear to give me understanding of life secrets." - only now i see
what hes truly saying.**

**I pack everything and there is no space for the army boots anymore.**

**Citta instantly recalls wisdom sought in the curly long hair warrior
in airport.**

**Together with the trigger of the better, wiser man- that he look so
powerful and cool - taller - with longer hair - and a mor heavy body -
peaking the image with his equipment so skillfully attached. I felt i
was less a warrior than him. Less of a man.**

**But beyond this "I" comparing himself - and giving way to bitterness,
there was also the wise one. Who looked and not avoided, but searched
him.**

**Got close to him to learn his attached boots technique.**

**And just now - the wisdom came. I patiently tied my boots to
backpain.**

**It was an ugly, unpractical nod and string length.**

**Why did he choose to let the strings long, beyond it looking cool?**

**For sure he tied it 100 times, unconsciously improving.**

**I quickly realize the pendulum effect. The subtle continuous changing
of the center mass connected to long string.**

**I adjust nod and length. Its perfect.**

**In a moment, I realize the teachings of 100 experiences.**

**Thank you, my friend. 🙏**

**New Thailand dhamma activity discovered. Writing, fantasising on
laptop.**

**There is no need to completely give up computer. This would be
foolish.**

**But integrate it. Its happening effortless.**

**What a feeling to drink coffee in thailand\'s morning fresh air.**

**At my favorite place in bangkok.**

**A loving feminine presence around.**

**Smoke as you please.**

**The weed is simply fucking amazing. Both in taste, effect and freedom
of consumption.**

**What a morning to be alive..**

**Cheers.**

**Morning Cucu singing. Just in Ludus.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Welcome to Thailand.**

**Slept a restful of 8 hours.**

**Throat slightly inflamed from air conditioner. (already know this.)**

**24 Nov -**

**Life with Ammy.**

**It\'s a skill my friend. Once there is light upon everything, you can
slowly develop it.**

**There has to be a balance between in and out of constellation.**

**The continous birth and death of the \"I\"\'s which are together.**

**Falling in and out of love.**

What happens between the \"I\"s brings contentment or dukkha later in
togetherness.

A relationship, constant togetherness with a woman in complete sati,
it\'s a skill.

If left to the unconsciousness, it can become filled with dukkha.

**11 pm**

**First meal had with sticks.**

**Kneeling on hard floor when chairs were not comfortable.**

**Wisdom in action.**

**Best pad thai ever.**

**A night walk after eating came natural afterwards. Effortless.**

**Slow walk, watch people, smile at the 2 love birds, squat down and do
some phone work.**

**Wisdom in action.**

**Lay down to sleep 30 min after. I am a bit afraid of KS2\'s reaction
to this late meal.**

**Throat is also inflamed from AC and i worry more that the acid will
hurt it more.**

**In any moment in which you feel like this, remember that the Mind
follows the body.**

**In a sense that it has to be complete trust in body\'s ability to heal
and survive.**

**Only then comes the knowledge of the mind.**

**This sleepless yet walking between realms state - paired with a big
night meal to make KS2 working -**

**allowed me to study KS2 reactions to sleep positions.**

**I have noticed a very intimate relationship.**

**I change position to right side. Immediiately feel KS2 getting
heavier.**

**There is sufficient wisdom in action to address it.**

**I move Ammy so that i\'m turned to left.**

**Instant relief. Not fully tho, for i have eaten little milk with
desserts and pad thai.**

**Lets say 2.5/10 on KS2 dukkha scale.**

**Soon I change position to back after 10 min. Much more comfortable
regarding body. But instantly different on KS2.**

**There is clear mechanical pressure on top right side of the stomach,
pressing into it.**

**I feel the realm of unconsciousness growing more and more. The falling
into sleep.**

**Slowly and gradually, KS2 becomes heavier and heavier.**

**Until a point that it wakes me up.**

**The fear grows a bit stronger, but there is also sati and Sampajanna.
I drink water, sit straight for 2-3 min. Instantly calms down little
bit. I lay down back on my life side and fall into sleep.**

**Beautiful, restful sleep followed.**

**How closely intimate is the state of KS2 and sleep positions.**

**Sleep is not with the Tao, but i neither fight it. I sit there
comfortably and juts think.**

**Effortless mental images appear constantly.**

**Out bodies meet in a most intimate way. Heartbeats feel in sync and i
can feel hers beating from head to toes.**

**After a while, it\'s over. Tao flows to the next state.**

**A tear and a smile.**

**Nothing is to be held on.**

**Let all things come and go naturally as they please.**

**Let all \"I\"s birth and die continuously.**

**What a feeling.**

**Express your love full heartedly, but don\'t give way to clinginess.**

**At each moment, keep a cat to guard the dhamma body -mind - to prevent
the mouse of getting in.**

**The disease of \"I\", the grasping and wanting to hold onto a moment.
Hold onto a life.**

**I sometimes have this feeling that i\'d want to love her completely,
make our bodies become truly one in this realm. Give life together. But
this is where the rational mind, facing and pondering the impossibility
it currently holds, comes into play. The mind analysis point to a clear
no.**

**She is not awakened, she is a beautiful beautiful wordling and i
cannot risk the life of Luke.**

**So then, it becomes a tear and a smile.**

**Beautiful.**

**At moments like this, there is complete sati regarding this tear and
smile.**

**Night and die. Life and death.**

**Let\'s see what the future brings. I surrendered in the Tao.**

**The way she approached my skinniness. Sad little but, but exactly
same.**

**I am exactly the same to her.**

**What a beautiful teaching.**

**It slowly teaches me to see that i love everything about her too. Her
ugly one foot, her fatty knees and thigs.**

**Yes, those knees are fatty and far from perfect, but they held my
heavy backpack when i was in pain.**

**How can i not love them?**

**Meet Ammy. The first vibe was instant turn off as in the unfolding
with her coming.**

**She was exhausted and tired. I felt that i\'m losing the single life
experience for what..**

**But the moment the darkness was brought up, problems, plans,
togethereness - it became the experience of 2.**

**Buying clothes and stuff, taking out money, subway, 7eleven- she
followed me everywhere with unimaginable love.**

**Watching her beyond the \"I\" is truly beautiful.**

**The way she took cares of the 1s baht coins.**

**How she carried my bag.**

**Watching and reading about Ammy its so clear that i have no doubt i'd
want her to be the mother of my childs all my heart.**

**I have no doubt regarding my true love for her and her true
unconditioned love for and our family.**

**The doubt is not about this, but is about her being too stupid to make
it possible.**

**Hating school, learning, working new stuff, changing behaviors, stop
hiding, all this shit comes that she is such a fucking wordling..
enclosed in already written programming.**

**I have but only one advice.**

**Do what you want, my friend.**

**But How do you know what you want?**

**When confused, go in solitude. Not just physical. That is not enough,.
But emotional. Spiritual.**

**Break any contact with the world when it feels to much and confusing
and go be in aloness.**

**I haven't felt Ammy's soul since 15 August. More than 3 months.**

**I don't remember what her beating heart's energy feel like.**

**Lets see.**

**Be it when i get off the plane or later.**

**I don't feel like we're together now. She doesn't either.**

**So many reasons why it would be so complicated and not worth it.**

**She's such a worldling.. so filled in Dukkha.**

**But she's been alone in the cold for so long.**

**Words, words, words.**

**They all fade and, as i well know, are not nearly enough to comprehend
anything.**

**Flying skill improved. Not by me. By the Tao.**

Is it not my merit.

But somehow, with this updated body and mind i find new positions.

New walking approach.

Hang out on both ends of plane so risk of dick breaking is reduced.

**23 Nov -**

**The smiling Chinese woman in Istanbul deja-vu.**

**The Geisha.**

**Left with 50,952.38 Ron.**

**Enjoy, my friend.**

**Father drove me to the airport.**

The energy in the air was warrior to warrior.

He was like a Viking dad preparing the ship of his son for his journey.

Complete trust in the man he raised.

Beautiful story about the red hair whore.

**Ok, my friend.**

**So ends the chapter of the First Reborn. The changing of home, in both
apartment and life, in sync to my heart.**

**I feel at home. Already complete.**

**No longer wanting to run away.**

**Next chapter begins.**

**Farewell home.**

**Mamami late night talk.**

Learned about Mamabo exchanging the sofa.

**Conquer purpose has changed at it\'s core.**

Lao is no longer dreaming of +9 full, but he is dreaming of becoming a
powerful jedi of the Force.

Fight against the Force Of the Dark side.

Preserve peace. Life. Just as the little fly earlier on the balcony.

This is a true dhamma purpose.

Just like in star wars, there are a lot of powerful jedi masters.

The purpose of the padawan is not to outcome them all, but to fight for
the Force. Together with them.

I\'m starting to see other people who\'d earlier trigger me, like very
powerful unattainable characters or Lao9\'s classmate (QueenMary) - just
as other jedi\'s each fighting for their own purpose. Be it The Force or
the Dark Side.

In this mantra, hunting changed. Calm arisen.

Lao9 had the whole zone for himself for a while, it was quiet and
beautiful.

I was not hunting for rewards anymore, no longer out of greed. But
peace. Contentment.

Then another padawan came. Usually i would get so frustrated and angry.

But now i avoided her path. Slowed down even more. And not long after, i
gave her the gift i\'ve previously received. The whole area for my self.

What a feeling.

**Have you ever seen or heard a person talk about a plane crash?**

Statistically, that's how rare they are, compared to cars/motorcycles.

What is the cause of 99% of accidents? Human error.

Flying almost takes out the human error possibility.

**Very little food lately.**

Bodyweight and fat are dropping more everyday.

Like the body is not asking for food.

A part of me sees this as a sign of disease.

Another part feels this as a Reborn.

Also, in regarding to total expenditure, the thinking is both satisfying
and consuming.

It plays a major part in TDEE.

**Wrap-up call with Octavian.**

Work is done.

And so, work \"I\" goes into the unbeing for a while.

**Cleaned house towards emptiness.**

**Father spent some 2 hours with Granny.**

**I was surprised to find him still here after to 2 hours.**

**Talk with Oszkar. This guy is fucking smart.**

He took my view on the world when it conflicted with his just as
Johannes.

Unmoved.

**The Conquer Epiphany. The \"I\" which plays so many roles.**

**If one\'s role is dived deep enough into, it becomes a whole life.**

**The life of Lao is the life of a young warrior who started his journey
deep in the mines. Later met with brothers and worked together, side by
side. Blood and sweat.**

**If light is given enough to any character, it becomes a life. Just as
complete and real life as real Life.**

**So then, all these characters can never know their creator. But it
guides their life. It aids and creates miracles or disasters. All from
their birth to their death.**

**Lao would not recognize if he\'d see BurningDesire in the market, but
i played them both. I recognize them both.**

**But he knows Lao9, beller, Mao1, Wao1 and LiL\^Dude. Very well.
They\'re a close family. Brothers and sisters working together.**

**Each one\'s life is just as complete as the other\'s.**

**Is is not the same in the \'real\' world? It feels exactly so.**

**Oh my god.. and what a way to celebrate it.**

**My first Super Dragon Gem! For the first time in my life. Honest
work.**

**WHAT A FEEELING!!!!!!**

**Came right as I was writing in my Conquer diary, studying feelings,
knowledge.**

**Tao7, my friend. God bless you.**

**Wise Wao1 births. Greets his brothers and quickly puts Tao7\'s
SuperGem into his bag. Dies again so that no risk is taken.**

**LiL\^Dude births. He\'s been waiting eagerely outside the mystical
mind, just like little Raul was waiting for his parents. Each time he
heard a noise he\'d hoped it was his brother Wao1.**

**Moment finally came. He is exalted. Runs off quickly to beller.**

**Beller is waving. She just made a sale. She knew that when she\'d see
him, the little guy will come with great news. They hug and exchange
Gems.**

**\"I\" feel completely emerged in character, the feelings are
undistinguisheable from \'real\' feelings.**

**The fear when he sees some trojans fighting, the joy he feels outside
the city, near the water. I leave him running around the beautiful clean
water. He\'s so happy.**

**Morning talk with my community friends.**

**I love the vibe. Love the talk. The seriousness of game and childish
problems. But they\'re real. Just as real as life.**

**Its my community.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Woke up at 3:36. Slightl nausea. Respect the Tao.**

**Get up. Drink water. Found good price lvl bow.**

**Changed. Lvl-ed up quickly in frozen grotto.  The auto-clicker changes
everything. It brings calm to leveling up.**

**After 1 hour i feel the KS2 calm.**

**I\'m eager to return to the bed, just thinking and fantasising.**

**Fall into the unconciousness when the Tao pulls me.**

**Granny\'s birthday.**

**22 Nov -**

**Lao tried fighting but was not ready.**

**He continues his journey to Mystical mine along with his 2 brothres,
Mao1 and Tao7.**

**The meditating into game as usual. Easing into it.**

**Death of the eater-watcher and birth of Lao.**

**Somewhat straight body position - then melting down into chair,
turning out light, relaxing mouse hand so that it only uses energy to
move the mouse, not hold the arm.**

**It\'s a totally different experience.**

**Beyond what is happening in the game, body, breath, everything is
meeting the night. Beautiful.**

**How upset beller is when she doesn\'t sell anything :(. My dear
beller. Dropped hard prices so that she\'d smile.**

**Fuck holding on to greed. Just play her part in the world of Conquer.
Don\'t be afraid to lose.**

**The only things i can hold pricy with a whole heart, are things that
i\'ll lovingly use if i don\'t sell.**

**Like ring for Lao, clubs, unique socket coat for Lao9. These i could
keep at a crazy high price, because i\'d happily use them if not.**

**Well, my father has taught me this long ago regarding cars. Buy only
cars you absolutely love, so that you\'d even be truly happy even if you
don\'t sell it. Maybe even more. Win-Win.**

**Bag is done.**

**Backpack is prepared.**

**All is set.**

**My house its so fuckin dirty, but i love it. There was no energy left
for cleaning past weeks my friend. It has been a rollercoaster.**

**Lavinia Visit.**

**Losing Spinu sparked some great great stress, on top of work, bag,
time.**

**In her creation, i'm exactly the same mirror her mother is.**

**Only seen as a little girl who comes home from school and talks
eagerly about dungeons and dragons - can it keep dukkha from
cultivating.**

**If truth-discerning awareness is given, the room fills with dukkha.
And i'm trying to make them see what their soul and body are speaking.
The language of absolute truth.**

**The Art Of Mining.**

**It was with the Tao to not be able to leave the guild even tho i tried
last night and again in morning\'s dukkha.**

**And Having the day and night unfold as they did.. everything together
into the joining discord and bonding with leader.**

**He gave me great insight in life\'s secrets.**

**The mining, hunting, socketing, trojan-warrior-water path. Its the
calling.**

**Gave me the chance to work for my dream in honest work. Pure smart
grind.**

**Just as we were finished, another member just got unlucky with the
pumpkin, got red name and PK\'ed - into losing his 2 sock necklace worth
600m. How easy he took it.**

**The american gamers. The true gamers i\'ve only seen in movies. What a
culture. How beautifully and truly then fantasize and let the game world
become just as real as the real world.**

**Is there a difference?**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Don\'t mind too much the slow leveling and power of Lao9, he will not
reborn, at least not very soon. There is no pressure to lvl up. Just
farm. Do daily quests. Slowly with no pressure become more powerful.**

**For this purpose, you don\'t need high lvl gear or quality. Just
grind.**

**Support Lao. He will later deal with the slow exp gaining issue.**

**And he had lived a totally different life than Lao9, he spent years in
the mines before fighting.**

**Lao got out of the cave today to do little exploration of the next
city Phoenix Castle and moved to this city\'s mine. Immediately found
some new gems.**

**Had a talk with a hunter archer.**

**21 Nov -**

**11 pm comes.**

**I\'m in that state of falling between sleep and awakeness while
farming.**

**I feel somewhat frustrated and getting bored of CQ.**

**But different from other nights, KS2 is inflamed - not ready for
sleep.**

**The feeling of getting bored of CQ comes with another great fear.**

**How am i do deal with the night without it? If I lose the love for
CQ?**

**I have already birthed a solution to this by eating & watching King\'s
Avatar.**

**I eat almost full bag of chips & yoghurt. I return to full awakeness
once i turn on the light and start eating while watching.**

**I finish and it\'s clear i have eaten too much.**

**1 hour later i eat one full glass of milk + kinder cards.**

**I know already this gives only a short relief which will quikcly fade
and give birth to more dukkha.**

**I finish and very soon after, i lay down to sleep. I feel KS2 very
inflamed.**

**Sleep until 5:30am. **

**Awake with a very heavy stomach and start playing.**

**Lao9, Lao, beller, Tao7 - all feel different now. Frustrated,
hopeless, afraid, envy.**

**Scared of the road ahead.**

**I draw some very unlucky pumpkin. Red name. I have to pay 6M for
this?**

**It seems no, as it slowly fades away ringing the memry pattern already
there.**

**I go lvl up. I\'m so weak for the monster of my level. I see how my
fellow QueenMary is already level 124 with a 2-socket super bow. Damn.**

**I see another archer farming here in his first life with amazing gear
for his age.**

**3 1-socket unique gears, 2 socket bow. Wow. So much dmg at the same
age.**

**The fear, anexiety and hopelessness grow even stronger.**

**Even much more so thinking of the hard levels ahead.**

**But i play.**

**Even the market feels different, as beller hasn\'t sold anything and i
barely would have money for the first reborn.**

**Tried socketing but did not get lucky - even more the negative
feelings grow.**

**What am I gonna do ? How am i to become a hero, if it\'s this hard?**

**Dissociated from my creation and fear, the asnwer is obvious.**

**You mind your own journey. Step by step. Click by Click.**

**Finally again in loneness again 7pm.**

**I feel somewhat low, like too much talking, too many winner stories
haha.**

**I eat with granny fried bread with cheese\* + eggplants + bell
pepper.**

**A bit over hara hachi bu. And pretty heavy food.**

**A heavy state follows.**

**I play CQ and feel somewhat hopeless when seeing other powerful
characters.**

**The World of conquer.**

**Man it feels like that +9 all super/legendary trojan-warrior-water Lao
is a lifetime away.**

**So be it. Have the end goal, but don\'t play for the fruits of the
work, for that end state. Especially, don\'t cheat it.**

**It will ruin the life of Lao.**

**Become that Lao carved in stone by patience, calm and power.**

**Support his hard work and dedication by gifting something beautiful
for his first reborn. Like a beautiful necklace or ring.**

**All characters, all lives work together for this. There is no
separation between Lao9, beller, Tao7 and Lao.**

**Spent 6 hours with my brother. Time flied getting lost in fantasy life
talk.**

**The Intel powerful alter-ego.**

**All 6 hours revolved around the idea of doing what you\'re in the
mood, when you\'re in the mood to do it.**

**The world of Conquer belongs much greater to the night. This is
clearly felt.**

**As the night comes and the whole nature returns to fantasy, this is
where games are to be played.**

**It is why Cosu lives at night.**

**How wrong i was to completely disregard mother's and father's teaching
once the spiritual death took place.**

**They have walked this earth with a lifetime worth's more.**

**Just as granny, they have great wisdom to share as long as the
personal filters are well grounded, so that one would not become blinded
by feelings.**

**Mother's good chewing advice is life changing.**

**Father's luggage view and advice.**

**And oh my god.. writing. Mastery.**

**Asked father to teach me how to write today. He gave me first lesson
level 1 and advices - get amazing pen and do when you feel to.**

**Background story gave me chills - how he learnt to write and how it
binds as a piece in the great puzzle of Our Family Story.**

**Watching both mom yesterday and in a most intimate way, and father
today -**

**Suddently, i have a feeling. Is the Tao planning to bring them back
together? Maybe. I must be careful not to play with the carpenter\'s
tools, not force anything. Surrender to the Tao.**

**This feeling took me back to the message i wrote my mother\'s on my
LG\'s grey phone and showed her in a peak dukkha moment.**

**Cried as i watch her read.**

**It was about how one day they will be old and looking out the window
to see her nephews playing around.**

**We would be neighbors and together. But each having their own life.**

**Workouts. Beyond the rest/sets paradigm. You\'re free to explore other
forms, like continuiesly going with breaks in tension.**

**Full workout: 1 push-ups and 1 pulls-ups set.**

**Morning Talk with Granny.**

**Wathcing her body \"speak\" it\'s amazing. And listening to her
wisdom.**

**About scooter cold, about home. What a vastness of wisdom if only one
has the ears to listen.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Beautiful restful sleep 9pm - 5am.**

**It\'s foggy and cold outside.**

**I finally understood what Cosu meant with him Playing+Thinking
always.**

**It\'s truly beautiful, it happens so efortless and in full
contentment.**

**Truly relaxed body position + farming + thinking about game &
others.**

**Starting to understand mining. A very peaceful morning in the mine
today.**

**Yesterday\'s Ciupe experience regarding conquer was so filled with
dukkha.**

**Even from first contact with thought, i got so excited and clinged to
the idea of playing together.**

**But i had a feeling he\'s not right for it.**

**I call him and put so much energy in explaining. He is un-affected.**

**The conquer world makes him feel a lot of envy.**

**He\'d hate to start from scratch and do honest work.**

**20 Nov -**

**Dear mommy was waiting me in granny\'s window.**

**Perhaps She unconciously hoped i\'d go there.**

**But damn i was so cold following the crazy ride.**

**First-sense contact with smell in my apartment.**

**Take into notice, sometimes it can be avoided.**

**But beautiful yin-yang moment followed.**

**Laying down i realise why it made me melt inside when other girls
would swallow in that flavor of bursting out love. \"Doamne cat ii de
bine\" - the body is trying to say.**

**It\'s my mother\'s reaction.**

**Kissed her beautiful neck.**

**Watching the world from her creation i can understand her world.**

**Its amazing how urge to eat arised as soon as she made dukkha-contact
through her senses.**

**Granny experience at wonder Izbuc Monastery.**

**Water, clothes.**

**Full control and sync with scooter. - the great cold experience.**

**The mind connection. \"Find something to warm hands.\"**

**\"Find best route\"**

**\"Nu ma face sa te culc.\"**

**Cosu talk.**

**The skinny \'disease\' is just an illusion.**

**Games philosophy.**

**The great trade-off.**

**Getting more and more leaner as the food excess is gone.**

**Appetite is much lower.**

**Leaner body - but skinnier face. Take it.**

**Its no easy thing what is happening. Complete change in food
programming.**

**Take it easy. Slowly re-learn and complete your Dhamma Day.**

**Taking any thoughts of disease seriously**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**19 Nov -**

**Just like in any other roles you play, be careful not to give into
excess.**

**Soon Lao will get out of the mine and begin his journey.**

**This game spikes so positively that i crave smoking at night.**

**Smoked 8pm. Felt very nauseated after.**

**Community.**

**Beyond playing my mission, there are others.**

**Both heroes and villains.**

**Its so beautiful to get lost in the road - pure grind.**

**Water Lao full super +9 2 oscket is a dream and the beauty lies in the
road, not destination.**

**In every click, every breath in full contenment. In every sell.**

**Every mistake. And good luck.**

**If you bulk buy things or cheat, the road is lost.**

**What i didn\'t had when i first played this game.**

**But cheated. And scammed. And made Vasilica work for me.**

**Conquer can teach you a great secret of life.**

**I\'m so happy things didn\'t work out in buying gold.**

**Home 4pm.**

**Had first meal at Marty - very hot and spicy chicken with rice.**

**Stomach felt a bit heavy.**

**Scooter is working now. All the questions and assesment, it seems it
all came down to.. honking girls too much**

**Long walk & play & food with my best friend Alex.**

**The coin and girl number game.**

**Morning long walk and talk with mom. She\'s in the mood now.**

**The letters of the past man.**

**Oh what a story they tell.**

**I often burst in tears and laugther when reading.**

**Because the more i can see outside my creation, the more i can see
theirs - in it\'s magnificency.**

**Words they choose, how hard the pen pushes against the paper, where
are there mistake, how do they approach them, how is the alligment, what
inner core beliefs, values and faiths do they reflect.**

**It\'s beautiful.**

**Mother\'s curtants up to father.**

**Oh and when in this truth-discnergning awareness i reach parts that
reflects my mother or father\'s souls, i\'m filled with emotions. Like i
recognize them in myself, understand them utterly and completely.**

**The genetic memory. It\'s where i come from biologically.**

**Second reborns working along side newbies and all kinds of people in
mine.**

**Beautiful.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Don\'t take any life too serious, be it of Lao9, beller, Lao, Raul,
lover, friend, work, mover - enjoy them all.**

**True dhamma is the continous interchanging of these births&deaths.**

**Do not clinge on to any of them.**

**Whenever any dukkha arises, the first step is to do nothing. Wu Wei.**

**Trust the Tao.**

**18 Nov -**

**Father called me and talked about how well and quick he finished the
test.**

**Like listening to my son coming back from school.**

**I eat some milk and 100g waffles.**

**Its heavy, but no excess.**

**Sleep from 12 to 5:30.**

**I smoke around 7 pm. It\'s clear night. Spinu is not welcomed in the
night.**

**Beautiful short ride in cold,rain and night to store (movement
purpose)**

**Dhamma day.**

**My first big find: Super bow 1 socket + dragon ball in one 20 min
run.**

**I\'m happy i didn\'t buy anything.**

**Met Zone Mine- Oh the met Zone. One My favorite place. Soon \<3**

**The Market-Hunt symbiosis. Beller-Lao**

**They both must be played, as they sustain each-other.**

**Beautiful.**

**Its the very same market.**

**Oh how lucky i am to find this. My game.**

**Ammy. Take what she says in absolute truth and in absolute
stupidity.**

**Just as she is. My stupid Lady Luck.**

**Goal for now:  **

**Get + for ring & bow.**

**Conquer.**

**What a wonderful community there is here.**

**On this server and in this guild, i have a strange feeling of
belonging which i\'ve never had in real life groups.**

**Real belonging.**

**As i die and birth into Lao9 and spot Lady Luck jumping around and
almost the whole guild online - i feel - Community.**

**What a wonderful world - how pure and original. Just in my favorite
fantasy world as a child.**

**The meteor upgrades before they turned to gambling, the full beautiful
market of items, the road in learning, losing, gaining, just the road.**

**The XP effects, the sounds.. the shooting of arrows - it\'s beyond
words.**

**This seen in the light of CQ 3.0 - it has everything i could have
imagined dhamma.**

**No ads, bigger screen, so simple, little but more than enough
beautiful community, fair system - and the game just runs on such a
beautiful engine. Its amazing.**

**The market is like going to the market in my Fantasy city.**

**Can feel the honest work in the air.**

**And what a beautiful, stable market. Just as the real world. Not as in
CQ 3.0.**

**I am part of it again \<3. Home.**

**Called people but everyone was so caught in their own creation - that
it made truth discerning awareness in speech - and therefore a dhamma
talk - not possible.**

**All there is to be done here is just don\'t force it. Can try sparking
some light, but do not force it. Let them carry on.**

**Re-birthed beller from almost 2 decades ago.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Food is cooking for another day.**

**Let life come.**

**Weather is perfect for stay in house. Cold, rainy, windy.**

**17 Nov -**

**The pure grinding is wonderful.**

**Played totally emerged until 3:30.**

**What an experience.**

**Food became.. efortless.**

**I fall asleep for a restful 5 hours with KS2 pretty calm.**

**I don\'t regret even a single second.**

**My first super loot.**

**Pure grind. I love every single mechanic of this game.**

**Amazing. Truly amazing.**

**Not even want gifts or help from , just pure grind.**

**Hunt with archer, sell and do business with beller.**

**\"You can\'t always make good deals\" - the mantra which frees me of
fears to fail.**

**Its ok to make mistake.**

**Oh my god.. Conquer classic server.**

**I'm in love.**

**" Manee Luke for Manee,**

**But Manee not with Luke.**

**Then Manee Luke for Luke,**

**But Luke not come with Manee.**

**Hey Luke, don't Luke for Manee,**

**Cause Manee bring no Luke.**

**Manee will find Manee,**

**When Manee not Luke for Manee.**

**Hey daddy, where is Manee?**

**Luke, Luke inside Manee,**

**Luke to see in Manee,**

**For Manee Luke you too. "**

**Home 3pm.**

**Very calm.**

**Enjoying my re-births.**

**Met Johannes. Oh this guy..**

**How clearly he sees the \"my creation\" concept.**

**And in this, he is free.**

**\"My friend enjoy your re-birth\"- our meeting ended.**

**Created Tinder.**

**It quickly became obvious how much Tinder is a bussiness built on
woman.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**16 Nov -**

**8 pm comes and i feel relaxed, but somewhat hungry.**

**How efortless. I look in the mirror, have i ever been so ripped?**

**I\'d watch King\'s Avatar and learn something. This immediately bounds
the eating.**

**Is done with no fear.**

**I have the neccesary weapons to deal with whatever present comes.**

**I eat chips, yoghurt, 2 knoppers - and little bit later the poppy
dessert.**

**After a few bites, nose gets completely flooded, so much that i cannot
enjoy the eating anymore.**

**Beautiful Body signals.**

**I use nose spray and return to eating. I have the bitter taste of nose
medicine puffs in my throat.**

**Of course a heavy, but restful sleep followed. Heart is calm.**

**Eat eggs & rice and feel them somewhat heavy.**

**Start playing and the body insatntly does it\'s AI job and
digest&calms down completely.**

**There is no fear of the night.**

**Dear father gave me 200 lei extra for money exchange.**

**Home 4pm.**

**Dhamma day.**

**Did nothing special, just calm heart and body.**

**I contemplate the night.**

**How instantly the excess honey in tea ruined the tea.. and hurt the
teeth.**

**Wash teeth and re-made tea later with less honey.**

**Oh my god.. Conquer. Whenever i missed childhood, i missed this
game.**

**A whole new experience.**

**As i am reborn into trojan, there is no rush anymore. Not even want to
use exp balls.**

**Just go to slightly stronger mobs and play.**

**Fight for a while then sit for a while.**

**Club, blade, scepter, sword - each have their flavors.**

**The club rage skill - i remember. How much i loved it.**

**With a scepter - i just realized i created the most perfect reborn
skill (celestial).**

**The first life was hastened and many times in a rush towards
something.**

**Now i feel much wiser, calmer, powerful. Patiently go through levels.
Enjoy the low ones. Take time to sit by the river.**

**Its truly a beautiful world.**

**This is why i love Conquer.**

**And how unpredictable it came - from a sleepless night to a \"i\'m
gonna log in for 1 hour for old times sakes\" - and the Tao brought it
back as a unprecedented gaming experience.**

**Better, more relaxing than any other night activity.**

**Even money i spend - i do it whole-heartedly.**

**For the road not destination. The destination is but an ideea.**

**How to apply to real world relatioships with Ammy, Lavinia, Mom.**

**Don\'t feed their dukkha.**

**\"If you want to speak with me please speak calmly and lovingly.\"**

**\"Ma duc acasa.\" / Break from conversation.**

**Feed only love and calm. Everything starts within.**

**This is conditioned by the feeling of stopping whatever you do and do
something else.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain.**

**One huge, huge thing to notice in lifestyle (related to mechanical
forces) change is PHONE time reduced from 5-6 hours to 1-2.**

**4 more hours which usually were filled with squatting, laying down,
relaxing with my mind off the pain, in most of the time with little to
no front delts/arms lines activation.**

**All backpain free moments i can recall, i was spending a lot of time
on my phone in relaxing positions.**

**For this, i need to have something to do on my phone that is
entertaining. Be it talking to girls, social media playing, games,
writing, editing videos.**

**With this, i can spend quality relaxing time.**

**Squatting relaxed doing something enjoyable on the phone feels like a
secret of life regarding movement.**

**Because the squatting is not done to relax, but it naturally comes
along.**

**Truly opening up and talking from the heart with truth-discerning
awareness with people who don\'t understand the concept of \"My creation
of the world\" is triggering.**

**Because i start talking with the core belief of truth-discerning
awareness. They don\'t.**

**They are completetely absorbed by their creation - by their dellusions
of what is good and wrong - and YOU are merely a mirror. They look at
this mirror and see parts from themselves.**

**Truth cannot be discerned if one is stuck his own creation.**

**Lavinia is here, Mother is here, Granny is here but no so much. Ammy
is here but much less. (only when blinded by powerful vedana)**

**Work people are here. Vosi is here.**

**They take life very, very seriously.**

**Just like the feeling of when i\'ve written the 10 years old letter.**

**I perfectly remember that state. My world is all their is. My creation
is the absolute truth. I feel like this little fragile thing who has
awakened out of no where into this beautiful free, endless world - and
all i want is to freely experience it.**

**My parents are guardians, creators of this realm.**

**This talks are always hard to partake and always triggering.**

**Lavinia\'s bodily reactions.**

**Mothers.**

**The asnwer feels obvious. Don\'t go in expecting they want to talk
with Truth-Discerning-Awareness. Some people do to some extent.**

**Lavinia, mother - they just want to be listened.**

**Don\'t try to bring them to TDA level.**

**Because then the frequency is instantly brought down to bad
emotions.**

**But just watch this amazingly complex game character.**

**Like a story in a game, not like a mirror.**

**Who you can play with. His/her reactions tell the story of their
life.**

**Listen to it.**

**Isn\'t it wonderful?**

**Don\'t attack it\'s creation, she is free to play as she wants.**

**You don\'t mind her creation, don\'t send negative frequencies towards
it.**

**Then you will learn to not react to her attacks on your creation as
well.**

**Just like a quest in CQ. NPCs have as much power&authority as the hero
gives them.**

**It\'s unbelieveable how easy work became since i started fully and
blunty accepting my mistakes. Blame nothing and no one else.**

**Today\'s ideas i\'m excited to play:**

**See father, bol ovaz, money exchange, Emily work - oh and what i\'m
most excited about - Meet the night with an empty stomach.**

**Contemplate with truth-discerning awareness kaya\'s reactions - body
positions - breathing.**

**(For this, consider that the level is much much harder if masturbation
is added)**

**With no fear of dying, of disease. Fully watching this incredible AI
machine run it\'s programming.**

**Watch the Tao. Wu wei.**

**Not to cure disease, not to sleep good, bla bla bla, just to sit and
watch.**

**New feelings of life.**

**(For this, consider pre-level preparation as in having 2-3 moderate
dhamma meals before 4pm)**

**I have so many moments of epiphanies which i feel to write down so
that i wouldn\'t lose them to unconciousness.**

**I could write dozens of pages about just the last 12 hours.**

**The CQ experience.. there was something pulling me to this game.**

**Well it\'s about the Tao - in the philosopy of leveling up and
re-birthing - you can find the meaning of life.**

**The relaxing chinese music.. It\'s wonderful.**

**Just to log in and sit.**

**It\'s no less or no more serious than \'real\' life.**

**The \"I\" playing is no different than the \"I\" living.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**The dukkha meals yesterday allowed mystical dreams to come to life.**

**My skill in dealing with the dukkhas and over-eatings greatly
increased.**

**Sleep position is a huge, huge role in this.**

**Just as the Coman old lady says she can only sleep on her left side.
(considering she eats heavy food at night).**

**There is no disease for her. Just conditionings.**

**Same i wake at 2, sit straight and play.**

**Go to bed after 2 hours. Not force any sleep. Just sit with my body
and fantasy think.**

**Feel the bed positions directly condition the stomach.**

**Get up covered in blanked and observe the natural truth happening.**

**Life is beautiful.**

**15 Nov -**

**Home at 5pm.**

**Dhamma meal at Lavinia.**

**I\'ve just had an impulse of Fear of the night in stomach.**

**I wonder what food&life game to play tonight.**

**Masturate, play CQ, eat chips yoghurt and snacks and then ideas like
play cq, work on reconnect, night walk, call dad, call pelicanu - just
ideas.**

**You\'re Free to Play.**

**More work, 5 hours.**

**The LBP persists in this envinronment.**

**MOre and more i feel everyhing LBP relates to is simply gravity.**

**The cause. The starting points. Then yes the mind goes crazy about it,
but mechanically it related to gravity.**

**RIding to lavinia then preparing food, spinu.**

**A lot of enclosed movement with front delts/arms line use - breaking
the gravity tension in LB.**

**Re-learning how to get up, how to wash dishes, how to work. Do it, but
not over-do it. Not in a way that you\'re messing with the body\'s
incredible intelligence.**

**But in a playful way. Just to explore new flavors.**

**Dhamma work 2 hours.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Plans for the near and far future are not plans, but ideas.**

**Ideas on how to play the game. But when the actual level comes, bind
the ideas with the envinronment.**

**Use the ideas to simply navigate the Tao.**

**Planning is not planning, but give into fantasy thinking about an
idea. With no attachment.**

**Thinking offers more wisdom regarding an idea.**

**But when that present comes, i feel free to choose and purely act on
present-moment intuition.**

**Granny found a letter i wrote at 10 years old. 9-March-2004**

**I talk about my parents being away for the evening&late night for a 8
march party.**

**Spent the night alone with Mihai (?). Watched TV. Then got bored.**

**Then went outside to play. Got tired.**

**Went home to eat. 3 simple foods. (Telemea, rosii, paine)**

**Then played. The game gave birth to feelings in the real world.
Fear.**

**Then went to sleep. A loud noise awakanes me at night.**

**I am troubled because i don\'t know what it is.  **

**Later figured it was a tire exploding.**

**Parents get home. A feeling of safety arises. We tell them about our
crazy beautiful day.**

**Everything there is to know about life can be found here.**

**Freedom to do what you want. For as long as you want.**

**Eat simple food after tiring the body.**

**Experience fantasy world. Feel real feelings.**

**Sleep when food is digested and the mind&body have served their
dhammas for the day.**

**Friendship & Community is much more than modern man\'s narrow view.**

**Its not about meeting to talk. Talking is merely adjacent to the
activities naturally happenings.**

**14 Nov -**

**Last meal. I buy milk&more waffles. But take a little sip and cannot
eat them.**

**They\'re too bad. Both of them. Efortlessly, eating them does not
belong with teh Tao. I spit out the little bite i took.**

**I eat moderate corn meal + cabbage.**

**Then a shot of lady fingers and milk.**

**Its a little heavy overall, especially following the previous meal.**

**Alternating the pyramid positions feels amazing for the KS2.**

**Get sleepy after an hour.**

**Restful sleep until 2. Wake-up for one hour. Drink water and Sit
straight. KS2 quickly calms down.**

**Go back to sleep but i don\'t feel sleepy. I\'m not trying to force
anything, just sit and fantasy think about course, Thailand, Ammy, CQ.**

**I quickly fall in another restful sleep until 6:30.**

**Wake up with slight KS2 dukkha.**

**Well, the chicken was very heavy for KS2.**

**These things cannot be planned. You cannot play with the carpenter
tools.**

**The art of life lies in the constant re-adjustment to our
surroundings.**

**Went for a ride. Didn\'t found chips and bought salty white flour
snacks.**

**Clearly dukkha food, more that it made crumbles as i eate and i
couldn\'t slowly enjoy.**

**Phassa was already made with 50g waffles. Eate them with yoghurt.**

**Clear excess. Clear body reactions of burping and acid reflux.**

**But walking, breathing, water - is a wonderful medicine. The true
medicine.**

**Went for a beautiful walk afterwards. Each step i could feel energy
flowing through my ankles.**

**So relaxing, so smoothing. Got home - wash teeth and played cq.**

**Today i wanna play the following food game.**

**First meal some moderate chicken&avocado.**

**Last meal around 4pm and free of milk&excess.**

**Let any fear come out after 4 regarding stomach sickness - any fear
that you\'d normally numb with food.**

**You\'ve learned yesterday that there is a certain beauty belonging
only to the night. The Yang. Don\'t run away from it.**

**Just like an island raid on AC - once you know and have confidence in
your character, the soul-hero symbiosis walks in power and
contentment.**

**Ah.. twinings milk black tea. Same taste as on Avram Iancu at the
beginning of the awakening journey.**

**It all began with a black tea and smoke.**

** **

**Lighting the fire in Geu.. beautiful.**

**Then riding in the rain.**

**The rain is avoided only when outside it. When plunged into it, it
becomes beautiful.**

**Eate chicken rice - Meh.. a very little portion immediately felt heavy
on KS2.**

**1 hour later - a powerful rash appears on back of the legs and arms.**

**Not good chicken. But manageable becuase of the low quantity.**

**What an easy solution to skip the team building tomorrow. Call in -
M-am racit/toxiinfectie. Relieved.**

**Escape room(wordling \"fun\"), fully numb people exposure in awful
envinronments as the restaurant, city pollution. 4-5 hours - omg :))**

**Disregard the feeling of holding back on course because it might be
judged.**

**Don\'t speak in half-heart.**

**Scrie ce ar fi trebuit tu sa auzi navigand prin jurnal. Scrie
revelatiile, epifeniile, hacks, view on the world.**

**Exact ce ti-ar fi venit ca o manusa in ceata durerii si a
incertitudinii.**

**Ramai ancorat la starea asta.**

**Finding my first evernote journal aids greatly in this.**

**What workout experience, like never before. Key points were
de-focusing from back pain, gentle adjusting in left glute-line, and
just push through and through and through.**

**The great pump came soon. Then the great returning to silence and
disconnecting from all senses. It happened by the Tao, as i just layed
down after shaving and shower - with no intent.**

**Then felt the heart beating so fast. But i was not scared or panicked
tho, but i was with absolute complete trust in the body.**

**I feel like i have to do absolutely nothing. And i did absolutely
nothing. Wu Wei.**

**The worldclass gym can never give me this. It is the peak of
everything that it\'s wrong with movement. A powerful church.**

**It always, always comes with great back pain (except classes when the
alchemy is very different). So just as i\'ve written before about the
body reacting to the envinronemnt in different pains and reactions (As
lavinia\'s shoulder, pelicanu\'s nose).**

**Body-Mind-Soul inter-connection to the world my friend.**

**Shaving body revelation - It\'s just as face shaving, washing the
teeth, showering.**

**It\'s just a great limitation that i have to \"endure\" a 45min
shaving session with a bad machine, putting great energy in.**

**Today i just shaved the torso with the recently bought shaving
machine. Minutes in i learn a new hand position by the Tao, exactly how
hair stylists comfortably hold it. The whole process takes 5 minutes.**

**Shaving the body can be done every \~3 days in little 1-5 minutes
increments (arms, legs, body).**

**Depending on envinronment, temperature, comfort. It is why i did not
want to shave the legs, because the hair keeps me warmer.**

**It is definitely part of the Dhamma Routine, together with other
cleanings of the body and house.**

**The more i look into the outside world, the more i see that the
physical body of people - taken both static and dynamic images, all
lightings and angles -**

**the more i realise it\'s just an embodiement of their soul continuesly
carving the genetic seed.**

**How amazing.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Is it not natural to be just sensitive to food, as you are to air?  **

**If light is brought upon conciousness, it will unveil a lot.**

**Not sickness, but intimate life connection.**

**Tinder. Boosted again last night after changing profile. 20 pm.
Perfect hour.**

**But now the results are 6 times worst. 1 fucking like from a emo
fatty.**

**Oh my god.. 1 like.  Well Well well.**

**You were afraid that tinder might break your dellusion into the great
absolute truth that simply.. YOU\'RE UGLY ? Ta daaam.**

**The thought of relating the symptoms to a very serious disease is the
same as thinking you\'re ugly as fuck, worthy of 1 fatty like per boost.
15x times decrease.**

**Depends on tinder alghoritm greatly.**

**It\'s most certaintly not like you\'ve connected in the real world
with those soulds&bodies and they rejected you. Far from it, my friend.
Far from it.**

**And even if 10% is true, even if a certain percent beauty is in the
eye of the beholder.**

**If you were any different, prehaps Ammy didn\'t see you as beautiful.
Didn\'t look at you with those eyes, wishing that there was absolutely
not a cell different in the bonding of your face.**

**Then it becomes obvious.**

**It\'s absurd to take this \'uglyness\' as an absolute truth.**

**A tear and a smile.**

**More and more i see this everywhere.**

**Somewhat the last years i have pursued the state of continous smile.**

**Always something wrong with life. Always a tear.**

**Be it back pain, lack of women, not finding true love, stomach
issues.**

**Alan watts talk about clothes and kimonos.**

**It binds perfectly with my 5 years left TOS chronic pain.**

**How much it affected my life. Oh god.**

**Thousands of hours of study and constant pain.**

**How efortlessly it dissolved once i changed the material and fitting
of clothes.**

**I can recall it as a movie now.**

**Both Lavinia and Pelicanu talk about body reactions when they don\'t
want to be somewhere.**

**A pain which grows more and more as they continuesly expose to that
envinroment.**

**13 Nov -**

**Oppaa.. As night comes and i don\'t eat, i start working. Damn is
relaxing to work at night.**

**Conquer is playing in the background. What a feeling.. Life.**

**Back pain started to arise again in aloneness and smoking.**

**Night is unfolding.**

**What is it that is so scary of this part of nature?**

**With an empty stomach as never before, i can feel it. The night.**

**I don\'t really feel to eat anything anymore.**

**Let night come. Meet it.**

**Home at 4pm.**

**Just like yesterday, first food was truly dhamma, second 30 minutes
later brought dukkha because it was excess.**

**Today i\'m dancing the other dance - milk and lady fingers +
chocolate.**

**No chips & yoghurt.**

**Play the no masturbation night. Don\'t go any further than first
contact. Let it rest there. Don\'t let the disease of \"I\" and clinging
come in.**

**Mom saw me so skinny today.**

**I did lose some weight in new lifestyle of cooking, eating and
temperature change.**

**Diet was much lower on protein and animal food.**

**Of course the body reacts.. Remember life purpose was lately just
relax.. let the body be skinny if it wants to be skinny.**

**New feelings arise in this new body\'s alchemy - of complete
contentment - in work - in rest - in play - in breath.**

**Back pain greatly decreased after park fresh air and relaxing walk,
with hands at my back.**

**The ankles energy unblocked.**

**With back and stomach calming down, dukkha slowly quinches. Piti
arises.**

**My dear buni... she missed me this morning.**

**Playing conquer comes with Sati. Roaming around, doing quests, all
there little purposes, the music.. it\'s beautiful.**

**10,20,30,100 USD is noting for the contentment it offers, the
relaxation of the body and the re-writing of food patterns.**

**Tinder.**

**Last night boost, getting only 2 likes from emo fat girls - shaken MY
belief.**

**There was that voice that the ultimate truth is that i am ugly for MY
romanian toxic girls.**

**But then played more with description, photos.**

**A new feeling arises. I love a lot of my photos, and choosing them
becomes a matter of which i like most, not which i hate least.**

**Lets play. Study it further. Study photos, description, effect,
results.**

**There is no \"Me\". **

**Tinder is but a realm, facebook adds another, cosminel aproach
another, daygame another, activities another.. endless. Its your
creation.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain - LBP**

**What if the core problem lies in the foundations of your movements
plus FOCUS.**

**How you wash dishes, how you get up, how you sit, how you shave, wash
teeth, change -**

**The constant stress/holding the body together and bringing the back
sensations to awareness.**

**A very powerful combination.**

**Also, the cold weather impact has to be considered as in: Conditioning
the activity in an envinronment (eg. not squatting in park because its
too cold) and triggering the nervous system.**

**It\'s all in how you think.**

**You think that certain subjects&views are mystical&fairy tales? So it
is.**

**You think that you are entitled to fart and laugh about it? So it
is.**

**If you truly believe something wihtout outside feedback, it becomes
your world.**

**Beautiful sleep. KS2 slightly inflamed when i awoke but quickly
relaxes.**

**The feeling of \"whatever i\'d do is just as a dhamma life experience
as the next\" arises.**

**The colder it gets, the more life gets restricted.**

**Sitting outside working, walking, casual walks, park, women, house air
quality, everything.**

**The quality of life drops significantly as the winter is coming.**

**This is the superior dhamma motive to extend my Thailand stay. More
than Ammy or any other girl.**

**Talked to Gabriela about purple vibes - not a work possibility at the
moment.**

**This would mean making it 3-6 months with the initial 500.000 BHT
funding. Its a lot, my friend.**

**Also, this somewhat shakens the idea of quitting my job if they don\'t
allow me to work or take sabatical leave. Perhaps talk to them see where
they stand? **

**This job is so fucking magical. If done in relaxation and without
pressure, it becomes an amazing 1h daily meditation.**

**12 Nov -**

**I feel like reading not in the sense of studying, but in the sense of
talking - with one of my friends or more - Bhikku, Lieberman and Jung.**

**Let\'s see if feeling persists after masturbation.**

**LE: it doesn\'t. It became disregarded completely.**

**Food Game plan is to: masturbate - wait and - try chicken soup and end
around 4-5 with chips & yoghurt.**

**LE: And i did exactly that. Almost effortless. Rested by playing CQ.
Back relaxes. Time flies.**

**Home 2pm. Not bought any milk, as 100ml is enough for morning
coffee.**

**Bought only chips and plain yoghurt - Only 1 boss.**

**The difference in play today is the milk liter + desserts.**

** **

**Walking in respect to the Tao is walking straight and balanced,
breathing completely, looking straight.**

**Back pain persists today.**

**Well, you\'ve been standing, cleaning, doing stuff around since
5:55.**

**It is most definitely connected to the front delts - and to how
gravity anchors the arms raising to the low back weak link.**

**Riding scooter again points to gravity. Kinetic force absorption.**

**Re-learning how to get up.**

**How granny bends down, using hands whenever the use of hands serves no
purpose. Hand on knees.**

**Both granny and the Kung Fu Master - did the same.**

**Q on fb group: \"Hello!**

**So I\'ve been diving into the Dao, and I am curious on what your
thoughts are on this phrase: \"Work is done, then forgotten. Therefore
it lasts forever\"**

**The rest of this one I feel like I have an understanding on but this
last line has me stumped\"**

**A: \"There is no "I" doing the work. Everything is surrendered to the
Tao.**

**Therefore, the birth of the universe becomes no more complete than
peeling a potato.**

**Work is no longer done for benefits of the "I".**

**When you will understand by experience, not words, the feeling of
selfless, anatta, Tao - the work quote will be understood just as a love
poem once you understand love.\"**

**A tear and a smile.**

**Somewhat i thought that life with AMmy will eventually become just a
smile.**

**But even when she was here, the balance between tears and smiles was
kept - Smiling at love, crying at Freedom.**

**Whole life is a tear and a smile. Wouldn\'t it be foolish to pursue an
everlasting smile?**

**They are both dhammas, flowing in the Tao.**

**Yin and Yang.**

**Experience them with peace in heart. With truth-discerning
awareness.**

**That no matter how intense they get, they are not yours. They belong
to the Tao.**

**Nothing is yours.**

**Just the natural process of experiencing. Sankhara of the world
experience.**

**There is the condition-conditioner and activity of conditioning.**

**That force that made me clean today and not clean yesterday.**

**Which makes me work somedays and somedays not.**

**Eat some nights and some not.**

**That which cannot be named.**

**Surrender to the Tao.. and not do anything.**

**Wu Wei.**

**The dream feeling regarding my mom persisted. Lets try to see her
today.**

**\"Oh how happy i am you are alive and experiencing, manifesting life.
Just as you are.\"**

**Can the same feeling not be applied to Lavinia? Not same as with mom,
because she is in love with me and her heart will fill with dukkha at
each love echo.**

**Today\'s play.**

**Test another food pattern for the second/last part of the day.**

**Aim to Complete the dhamma food level fully 100%.**

**Study with truth-discerning awareness whatever derails you from it.**

**The sickness of \"I\". So painful to watch in other people.**

**Everything is accepted in a wordling conversation until you dare to
shaken the \"I\".**

**Then the shit becomes serious.**

**I sometimes feel the selfless and everything becomes a game, every
falvor of life just as enjoyable as the next. Or as stopping.**

**Contemplated in last night\'s wake-ups regarding this.**

**In a sickened body, it becomes harder to see. The whole alchemy
becomes lower frequency. Breath, thoughts, fears.**

**Be careful with food, my friend.**

**You learned yesterday two great things:**

**1.How to efortlessly control the schedule**

**2.The great Effect of dukkha food even when excess & schedule is
respected. (The single drop of water)**

**11 Nov -**

**After meal beautiful healthy habbit:**

**Straight pyramid yoga pose at pc. Straight body.**

**Damn the digestive system feels so good.**

**Even with dukkha food, KS2 is not heavying.**

**But after it was done digesting, dukkha food echos remained. (Excess
gastric acid).**

**Today eating schedule was different.**

**Eate a lot of dukkha food before 4pm.**

**But 5pm came and although excess had been avoided, KS2 is feeling
heavy.**

**I have a feeling of a heavy sleep.**

**After 5pm i ate a shot of chips and yoghurt - and shot of milk.**

**A lot of heavy food and gastric acid secreted.**

**My beloved KS2 is confused. **

**A very heavy sleep follows.**

**The KS2 dukkha brings me in a low frequency. Everything else is seen
in dukkha light.**

**The thought of him fucking and cumming in Ammy is heart-breaking.**

**KS2 awakes me at the peak of 2 powerful dreams (my family + Ammy\'s
relationship)**

**Takeaway: How easily the eating schedule changed.**

**King\'s Avatar powerful Ye Qiu idol scene.**

**\"If you\'re going to treat me like an idol, i have no choice but to
treat you as a fan. Be yourself.\"**

**Ye Qiu reaction to critics: warm laughter and playfully respond in
tease**

**Tiny Herb\'s reaction to critic: I will reflect on that.**

**How beautifully he played the scene with his boss so thay she\'d think
it\'s her idea.**

**Just playing the wordling game, not trying to change it.**

**Gym.**

**Back pain appeared at some point but was hone when i lost focus of
it.**

**Tired overall. I had to pus through to finish the workout. Oh but what
a feelings afterwards..**

**Contemplate masturbation.**

**Awake at 3:28.**

**Rise. Cook. Play conquer.**

**10 Nov -**

**Gym.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low Back Pain - \"Corrective\" work.**

**I lay down. On back. This is where \"posture\" begins.**

**Like i\'m programming a robot, i go into a deep state with my eyes
closed and begin reproramming. Like at dimi summit, but this time
connected.**

**Then i sit in 4 limbs. Too much progression.**

**Return on ground on my belly.**

**Calming down and vivo becomes just as good of a place as the central
park - to observe life.**

**Gym too.**

**World beyond "I" hides many beautiful stories in the realms of gym.**

**Just watching. Listening.**

**Learned to freely say \" I DONT KNOW \" - at work.**

**or \"Yes, I\'ve made a mistake.\"**

**Idea to prolong my stay in Thailand, for whatever reason. Be it
related to Ammy or simply life and environment.**

**Say to work that i need more time to marry Ammy and come back with
her, then present them with 3 choices:**

**allowing me to work from there 6 months**

**allowing me sabatical**

**accept my resignation.**

**If 3, opportunity arises to work with Gabriela/Re-Connect.**

**Tao te Ching -**

**Trying to control the future is like trying to take the master
carpenter\'s place. When you handle the master carpenter\'s tools,
chances are that you\'ll cut your hand.**

**Done trying to control she has baby, not, be with her in the future,
not be, save, not save.**

**Let everything be. Let the carpented work in peace.**

**\"I love you\" - my last message to her before fully blocking her.**

**I cannot do this. Half-hearted connection.**

**I will take defeat, the contrast of love, just as i take love.**

**Come to me.**

**My defeat. My beautiful experience.**

**It\'s all i ever wanted with any girl i\'ve loved. Experience true
love. Just the experiencing matters, outcomes and further plannings sit
with the Tao.**

**\"Good morning my friend\" - she jokefully texts in the morning.**

**She loves you all her heart, but chooses her kids. Survival of her and
her kids.**

**Only IF i had the money to completely move out and be with her..**

**But then my friend, where would be the plot? No one would make a movie
about this. Rich kid moves to save girl.**

**Movie is made after teh hero who carved from nothing his path to glory
and in this process, he saved the girl.**

**The only real rechance is Re-Connect.**

**Contemplating on changing it to english.**

**9 Nov -**

**  **

**Felt like Ammy\'s first night back with her husband.**

**My heart is broken. Similar as when Ariana was with other man.**

**Another man has what a part of ME craves for. But so different.**

**Opposites ends. It\'s what I wanted with Ariana, experience true love
and then experience the losing of it.**

**A powerful dream inception followed.**

**I will not even study food for a few days.**

**6pm. Masturbate again, now looking at our love-making video.**

**Waiting for a sign from her and checking from time to time. But the
sign doesn\'t come.**

**Back pain really triggered today.**

**Well, i\'m standing and moving around since 3AM. + Gym HS training.**

**This holds me back from enjoying life.**

**Nothing seems satisfying anymore.**

**Nothing but eating to sleep.**

**Lao-Tzu - the \'Old man\'. \'Old boy\'. A legend.**

**Gym.**

**Freedom. I don\'t know what i\'m gonna train. Maybe just squat for 10
minutes and go home. Maybe train handstand.**

**Allowed Teo in his teachings and learnt great wall regression for lift
up.**

**Beautiful.**

**Kids in park singing and dancing.**

**Bubble tea guys..**

**World beyond "I".**

**Cosminelsen video with maternity girl.**

**How beautifully he managed it.**

**And how the deep sufferings and fears of the young mom manifested as
superiority and loud spirit.**

**Which triggered one of my greatest triggers.**

**Women criticizing my ways and telling me what to do.**

**Kung Fu. While moving on music, it comes to me that it\'s perhaps time
to explore Kung Fu.**

**In this mind body alchemy of truth-discerning awareness in body, mind,
emotions..**

**Found a master and begin practicing.**

**Its absolutely crazy how much it flows on fascial levels.**

**On feeling, not theory. How the arm lines integrate. Crazy.**

**Beyond theory. Beyond any western movement cult.**

**Lesson 1: Shaolin Kung Fu Wushu Basic Form - 5 forms punch**

**5 Fundamental stances:**

**1. Pubu - (Lowered step)**

**2. GongBu**

**3.a Maha-Mabu (horse stance)**

**4.a**

**5.a**

**More and more i feel i will miss home things, compared to last year
leaving for Asia.**

**More and more i feel in love with life here. The home.. oh my god my
home..**

**The cooking, Granny, Pelicanu, park, language, my scooter..**

**Its very cold outside.**

**But damn, life is beautiful.**

**Wake up at 3:30 fully rested.**

**Cooked for 1 hour.**

**Bad mushrooms - felt when cutting but didn\'t listen.**

**Spoiled whole meal. Asked granny for advice and opinion.**

**Learnt together about mushrooms&oregano.**

**I had a slight hesitation before asking, as i knew she\'d get into the
revolved grandmother complex on current generation.**

**Granny morning talk. As i told her about how i\'m curious to see what
Gigi has done to Dan\'s apartment, she starts putting energy into
talking me ou of it.**

**Just the grandmother complex - aiding the newphew however she can -
however best she sees fit to avoid any unncessary trouble & time.**

**Beautiful. It\'s annoying tho, as i was just talking not looking for
solutions or being talked out of it.**

**8 Nov -**

**Man life is so beautiful.**

**Decided not to give up 100% milk desserts & chips. Only give one up
today.**

**Play the level tonight with one.**

**Re-created tinder. Whole new personality.**

**Exactly like reconnect bussiness part, don\'t take it personally. But
study, experiment.**

**Online dating for sure is a big undeniable pool.**

**The germ of "I" attempting to enter through all senses.**

**Background story of the bubble tea hero.**

**Makes sense.**

**Felt like little community, talked like family for a while.**

**Something beautiful to be noticed.**

**Even tho sleep is affected and sometimes split, i wake both yesterday
and today very energized and full of life.**

**I remember before i\'d always wake after a night like this in pain,
exhausted, only thing craved to relax.**

**Beautiful progress.**

**A great rupture with Ammy.**

**Like never before.**

**7 Nov -**

**As Cosu said, each combination of food and timing comes with different
flavors of symptoms.**

**Ammy totally backed off.**

**\"I never want see you again if you don\'t believe in me\"**

**How can i believe in you love if everything points to lying ?**

**I believe in your love with all my heart, but i don\'t believe in
\"Ammy\".**

**I don\'t believe in your conciousness.**

** **

**Eate chips + yoghurt then 2 hours later - Gym.**

**Cosu visit after almost a month. **

**It\'s a shame to let so much time pass..**

**A very powerful perspective. It\'s not so easy to die.**

**His grandfather had stomach issues until 80 years - and would take a
bicarbo pill before known heavy meals.**

**Oh Ammy Ammy Ammy..**

**Today she asked me for little 1000 baht for atom and her and money for
plane ticket.**

**I would have gladly gave her, but why insist on herself buying
ticket?**

**Re-opening the scam file. Together with true love.**

**Granny smoking outside. How she explained what she's doing outside
😂😂.**

**I love this soul.**

**6 Nov -**

**Fucking Severance.**

**I feel this exact split in my life.**

**The outie.. one eating at 6-10pm**

**And the innie.. one waking up, feeling inflamed and awful, paying the
consequencues. Paying the job for the outie.**

**The outie engages in demonic pleasures and the innie works to repair
the damage.**

**A great split. Karma.**

**The schedule looks like this:**

**Innie (Dhamma) 12 am - 4-6pm - From first wake up to first
dukkha/excess meal)**

**Follows the matters of the heart in terms of eating,moving, learning,
living, eating.**

**Single focused mind, wants to experience, is not afraid of death,
wants to play play play, have fun, eat dhamma food when hungry**

**Outie (Dukkha) 4-6pm - 10pm - From first dukkha&excess meal to sleep**

**The severance elevator chip click is the first excess/dukkha meal -
but is not as much as a instant click, but more of a rising.**

**Eats for pleasure, great excess, cannot let go and stop, great
multi-focused mind, heavy KS2, cannot stop and just breath/be because of
food, afraid.**

**Food&Low frequency emotions dependent. And together.**

**Beware of the rising. One sufficient sati, samadhi an sapmajana is
gathered, it can be cut down as soon as it arises. At phassa. At first
contact.**

**Oh fuck\...\..... Eate so much.**

**I can\'t remember the last time i eate so much.**

**Yet it was done, as all great things, in little increments.**

**Little increments.**

**And what\'s fascinating, is that while eating i haven\'t felt full or
heavy, just slightly at the end.**

**The \"end\" moment just wouldn\'t come until everything was
devoured.**

**You met the 6pm boss with fucking 10% HP in terms of food.**

**Dhamma day in matters of the heart, but the body eate very little.**

**Takeaway: Mind chocolate and lady fingers phassa.**

**Home 6 pm.**

**Dhamma day. Feel really good. About to eat chips + 2 yoghurts with 1
yoghurt error margin.**

**Be careful with milk.**

**Consider that body consumed way more than you eate today.**

**For a good sleep, this amount has to be recovered in the morning/next
DAY.**

**Vivo cereals really dukkha. Teeth affected only after just 1 shot.
Must throw.**

**Eate first meal - brown rice and vegetables from yesterday.
Re-heated.**

**Dhamma.**

**I feel to rest for a while and see if i want to practice handstand
little bit.**

**Handstand. This is a true body connection quest.**

**The matters of the heart are not to be spoken of, but they rise from
each word and gesture.**

**I really feel i can do magic with my hands on people.**

**Neighbour, Maria, Mom.. just a fucking touch and pain is gone.**

**Met my dear mommy. In great back pain. I understand her phone dukkha
now.**

**I massage her sowwy and she feels much much better.**

**Pelicanu and mami off. Filled with dukkha.**

**Riding revelation. Always test the ground with foot. It tells you
everything you need to know.**

**Talking to padawan Andreea about stress and deep work/inner
causalities, i reflect unpon mine more.**

**I have to do my work. There is a slight resistance.**

**I adress all senses and sit. Comfortably like a feather, hydrated,
warm tea, listening to poem, fully relaxing.**

**And i start working.**

**After a little while i realize fuck.. how relaxed i am. How smooth
this flows.**

**5 Nov -**

**Home at 4pm.**

**Dhamma day. Did not buy chips today.**

**Lets see what unfolds.**

**Caught father packing. How he shoved 5 persons 1 week baggage in a
bag.**

**Beautiul.. I love this man.**

**Meeting with Lavinia.**

**We\'re living in 2 different worlds. Still she reflects a lot of past
experiences wounds, which i\'d now approach different.**

**Reflecting upon thailand, it becomes clear. Reproductive system -\>
The greatest purpose creator. (currently lost with Ammy.)**

**This purpose gets you out of house like no other, makes you live and
enjoy life more.**

**An energy at the core of my body. The incredibly powerful sexual
chakra. Sexual energy. I feel it now, just as writing.**

**How it activates with Ammy, in my sexual fantasies. The image of
mother and mother-image. (Kali, Light and darkness, life and death)**

**How this is to be consumed is clear - finding and mothering a true
love girl.**

**But what is there to be done when in the present this is not
possible?**

**Well, it is to be aknowledged.**

**It\'s power and it\'s ways of being consumed.**

**How it grows each day and releases - how more masturbations or more
pause days feel. Just notice this. Study this natural truth of sexual
energy.**

**You studied it\'s power long ago.**

**When feeling tired, in pain, bored, head hurts - want nothing to do
but eat rest and sleep - only the thought of giving life to this sexual
energy - is ecstatic.**

**Would get you out of the house instantly to go meet an amazing girl.
Feel her, smell her, be with her. Ah.. fucking amazing.**

**Once there it is studied in all flavors, from the same state of enough
Sati and Samadhi, it can be used towards dhamma life.**

**Fantasy thinking. Because of this skill of the mind, this sexual
energy can be tapped into and released in great pleasure.**

**It can be observed, when done so, the whole body becomes aferwards
programmed towards resting, eating, 0 energy consumption.**

**Facinating, the mind seems to be more powerful than this.**

**Just as it can be seen friday -masturbating and then going to the
gym + ok night meal - with just a little bit of sati, samadhi, panna and
sampajana - it can be contained. It can stop upcoming dukkha from
developing.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Lesson learned from yesterday\'s burning of food.**

**Today\'s food is ready.**

**4 Nov -**

**Ammy hasn\'t made a decision yet, of going or not to Israel.**

**The rational thought is just to enjoy the present with her, be it for
hours or day/s.**

**But there is this empty feeling.**

**Of us not being together. I cannot be together with her in the sense
of her mothering my children.**

**My most deep reproductive duty - is on hold with her.**

**So even when calling her, there is much,much love at the sight of her
features and reacitons - but it feels.. meh. Incomplete. I didn\'t spend
much time in calls.**

**For what? I am here to find the mother of my childs.**

**This is the core drive of life.**

**Get home. Masturbated.**

**Waited a little and eate Taste of asia noodles.**

**Then chips+yoghurt were waiting.**

**Eate them even tho felt dukkha and passing hara hachi bu - but with
peace in my heart.**

**Went for a walk afterwards with the purpose of getting some
biscuits.**

**Tho when i get to profi, alchemy changed. I bought more.**

**It\'s fine. There is darkness, but there is no judgement.**

**I feel my body so relaxed.. yet powerful.**

**The last 2 workouts were really beautiful.**

**Woke up at 1 for about 1.5 hours. Water only.**

**I wake from a dream and i notice the coming back to conciousness.**

**Proprioception and hearing are the first 2 senses that come to
light.**

**It\'s all a game.**

**KS2 slowly calmed and beautiful sleep followed until 7.**

**9 degrees no sun and cold wind.**

**Its getting close to riding limit.**

**Gym class - after writing article about it.**

**Was a bit tried from last night, but i had to experience it again upon
reflecting.**

**Amazing sleep with short water wake-up.**

**Fresh food is cooked & ready for the day.**

**3 Nov -**

**Masturbated, waited some time and eate moderate gladiator food.**

**What a dhamma meal.**

**It\'s the only thing i\'ve eaten today in different servings, but damn
it\'s so simple, cheap and good.**

**Home 4 pm.**

**With 2 main food options - chips yoghurt and gladiator food.**

**Contemplate about going to the gym.**

**Talk with mom about Ammy.**

**She greatly despises her choice of giving up.**

**Watching Mamami outside the \"I\" - just note her every change in
face, in body, in rythm - is truly amazing.**

**Same as watching people i interact with and pass by.**

**The world outside the \"I\" is amazing.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain**

**There is a fine line between noticing the area triggered, and
pursueing it through stretches and cracks.**

**Definitely, definitely, 100% - when the mind begins chasing this and
searching for hard cracks, it gets worse. Much worse.**

**This is a current programming flaw.**

**Just as KS2 current programming flaw, in eating more when already
feeling pain.**

**This programming, once observed, can be re-written.**

**Just as know, even tho in a slight pressure, i choose to sit relaxed,
breath and focus my mind on something else.**

**Trust the body\'s recovery power.**

**When this feeling arises, calm the body, calm the breath, go to the
realms between worlds and re-write it.**

**Rest and breath, play, picture the re-writing in your mind.**

**You feel to crack. All the previous programming, which you know it
harms by uncontested datasets, now wants to crack.**

**Don\'t crack. Wisdom in Action. It\'s your creation of the world.**

**You can re-program is as you\'d like. Do not forget this.**

**You can take it seriously to enjoy and experience and you can take it
no longer.**

**Play.**

**Same with eating. The programming flaw needs to be addressed outside
the program, between realms when the game level is reached. When the bug
is reached in compilation, only then it can be re-written.**

**2 Nov -**

**Wake up at 7:30, contemplating that feeling of death.**

**It\'s somewhat funny, how the mind creates this illusion of \"I\" and
then becomes very afraid not of losing it, but of it going on forever in
suffering.**

**Why would this make sense in any way to the magic of life?**

**I fell asleep with a very heavy KS2, waking me up around 12.**

**It\'s clear that, depending on inflamation level, the sleeping
positions and pillows affect body\'s reaction.**

**Water won\'t do the fix, the inflamation level is too high.**

**I\'m so tired tho, really don\'t feel like getting up. Eat little rice
as comfort food.**

**Fall asleep again for 1.5 hours.**

**Stomach is still very upset. Wake and eat brown rice milk bowl.**

**It\'s surpinsingly good. But eating it at this state then going to
sleep will feed more work on digestion system.**

**I know.. But what else ? It feels really acidic the whole digestive
track.**

**Its ok, my friend. Eat and sleep.**

**Get back home and watch some youtube.**

**The PC activity pool grows more and more.**

**(Games, watching gaming-related content, Google/excel sheets and
Re-Connect planning, movies, dota-content, streams, olx, mail, facebook,
filelist, etc)**

**After a while, i open the yoghurt, mix it and taste the spoon. It
smells very bad and taste very inflamatory.**

**But i knew the moment i start eating it with chips, it changes.**

**And it did. It instantly became enjoyable.**

**Eate almost all bag&yoghurt then 25g knoppers with milk.**

**Not extreme huge excess, but still great dukkha food (both sour onion
chips and yoghurt).**

**Still, it binded together with previous meal.**

**Get out for a beautiful, relaxing walk. The walk was powered by
purpose and pleasure in purpose of getting some chips + yoghurt.**

**It\'s all fucked now. I\'m so heavy that i resort to programming.**

**Breath, water, walk, squat - these are the true medicine for a heavy
KS2.**

**1 hour later i\'m back home.**

**This whole walk served as a beautiful example of what KS2 feels after
heavy meals. Add laying down and sleeping, it gets more intense.**

**How heavy it feels, how counter-intuitive going to sleep in this state
feels.**

**But i have been doing it every night. It is not that night milk and
desserts do not heavy me, but it is that i turn a blind eye to it.**

**Takeaway: Good job, my friend.**

**3 Minutes.**

**This is all it took to fuck it all.**

**I feel pretty calm. Think about granny food, how i\'ll eat one granny
pancake and that\'s it for today.**

**The great trickster..**

**I get to kitchen and start eating the cheese one. I eat with animal
hunger.**

**Totally giving in. Eat 1.5 pancakes.**

**While eating it felt good.**

**But it retrospect, it was the demonic pleasure of food which was
greater than body intuition and KS2 messages.**

**Just seconds after, i feel it getting heavy.**

**Oh.. so heavy.**

**Trickster draws power. Programming draws power.**

**Trickster panicks and resort to PB chocolate cookie with milk. During
and right after the shots i feel calming, but as always this is but an
illusion.**

**Truth is i get even heavier and heavier.**

**Takeaway: A single drop of water.**

**3 minutes to fuck it all.**

**Star wars with life cheat can be enjoyed without stress. Why fight it
lol.**

**Liberation.**

**Eated pasta cabbage and Alex called me right after.**

**Home at 4 pm.**

**Ride & walk in park. Beautiful day. Calm heart. Life is truly
beautiful.**

**Mom left me some food, also granny made me some food.**

**The previous plan of eating corn meal + cabbage is further now, in the
changing fortunes of time.**

**Plan is to masturbate + use great concentration after.**

**Eat at least 1 hours after and don\'t give into \"I\" much. The
desires, the becoming.**

**When night comes, respect it.**

**Contemplate each food before partaking.**

**And here i stand, with heart hurting as Ammy chooses to go back right
where i left her.**

**Like nothing is change. She is about to go sell her body & baby to
Israel. And with it, our chance of life together.**

**But there is a great change, my friend.**

**You tried and fought - all your heart. It came down to her core
burdens and beliefs. As she had not awakened, this was impossible to
change.**

**I cannot awaken her. She\'s such a human. And it\'s like she fucking
attracts this fate, this programming.**

**But you fought demons of sex, of money, of beliefs and chances.**

**And it must be recognized, the fucking pattern as i am about to return
to Thailand.**

**How can it be something else but a Game ? A wonderful fucking movie.**

**Enjoy.**

**Yesterday.. outside my view on things and how i took it as a funny
consequence of her great love, she needed me to dream about her.**

**Because it was the only way she could have kept going.**

**And not give up. Right in the splitting of ways, there she prayed and
called for love to give her strength.**

**Buckwheat and brown rice. Ease into it with simple cabbage, corn first
day/s.**

**Take a pause from everything with a simple diet which cleans the body
and requires no mind&body energy towards planning and preparation.**

**After a few days, do the salt water cleaning.**

**Walked into granny when shitting. So funny how she washed little bit
with the water flush, then proceeded to get up and engage in
conversation while casually walking with her pants and panties down.**

**It\'s not akward at all, just as i was in her place the day before.
We\'re just some fucking animals going around life. Beautiful.**

**I was getting nauseasted litttle bit tho from the smell in this
affected KS2 state, so i walk towards leaving.**

**In this engagament of talk, she keeps talking as she walks me to her
door, slowly pulling her panties up but not fully(as she was planning to
go back to the bideu and properly wash there).**

**..And keeps talking in this image. So funny and beautiful.
Batranica.**

**1 Nov -**

**At the time when my food dukkha started to unfold, my Ammy\'s heart
was in great, great battle. What she can do?**

**Switzlerand fighting, talking with Israel, he wants his coffee shop
back.**

**Israel with his pulling her into his life.**

**She, with no family, no one supporting her, with nothing but the urge
to take care of her kids.**

**What a tough fuckin choice. And in how much wordling dukkha she\'d
gotten herself right in the middle of.**

**\"I choose to back life from before.\"**

**I feel a rupture in my heart.**

**Ammy changed feelings.**

**She asked me again about what i feel, and i told her that i very love
her and wait to see her, but not think about the future. What we\'ve
previously talked about. Seeing each-other, but the rupture is there.**

**How much everything changes in riding experience, from breath to
pains, to gravity\'s effect - if i tune down the stress&attention level
and just ride slowly. Calmly. A totally different experience.**

**Everything is about air, envinronment, sounds.. just as peaked in
thailand last great revelation about dhamma/dukkha.**

**Address and live.. through all senses.**

**31 Oct -**

**Home at 6pm. Tried, but calm.**

**Will masturbate about Alexandra park amazing sexual energy girl.**

**Will Eat some chia pudding and moderate milk with lady fingers.**

**Masturbation + instantly eating milk lady fingers desserts.**

**I feel hungry, yet i\'m full. Dukkha food my friend.**

**After 2 bowls i felt the teeth very slightly inflamed.**

**But the programing is already in motion.**

**After masturbating and eating 2 bowls of milk & cereals, i stand
before the final boss of the day - with 25% HP.**

**How can i fight it? **

**Just as in Jedi survivor as Cal meditates before battles, i must too
meet the after 7pm boss with close to 100% HP.**

**One way would have been masturbating then sitting for a while.
Disconnect from the programming.**

**The \"I\" has already been birthed.**

**I proceed with more biscuits & milk and scavaging shelters for food.**

**I don\'t feel great nausea - even though the stomach, throat and teeth
feel inflamed.**

**Every bite, every sip of milk is now done with the intent to calm the
system.**

**But it\'s an illusion. As it doesn\'t really calm the system, but
makes it heavier and heavier with each bite.**

**Waited 5h after Geu.**

**But it was pleasant and relaxing. Free.**

**Especially the panemar scene.**

**Watching people..**

**Random meet with father and 2 little girls going to movies.**

**Scene of them stuffing carrefour popcorn into backpacks and bags.**

**Father. Beautiful.**

**\"that is how i know.\" - he says**

**Coincidentally cooked amazing beans after forgetting it and greatly
burning the pot.**

**Into most amazing dhamma meal so far.**

**I gave up sauces completely today.**

**Simplicity.**

**Just fresh vegetables, salt, pepper and pinch of paprika.**

**Contemplating meeting or not Ammy in Bangkok.**

**It\'s not other\'s women i feel like giving up if I meet her, but the
freedom in solitude.**

**If i were to choose a woman to spend time with it would definitely be
my Ammy.**

**Although for now it has no future.**

**30 Oct -**

**In the evening i eat chips&yoghurt and little milk lady fingers.**

**The only thing different than yesterday was the amount of chips (full
bag today vs half bag yesterday)**

**Slept good until 3:30. Wake up to an upset KS2. I feel everything.**

**KS2 is inflamed, but there is peace. There is wisdom to be taken.**

**Morning poo immediately reflects the heavy stomach.**

**The evening walk. You live the air you breath, my friend.**

**Everything around you is consumed in breath.**

**Note the clear changing of body alchemy.**

**Mind the hours, mind the paths.**

**My heart feels at peace.**

**Eated oven vegetables & pasta cabbage.**

**2 Moderate servings.**

**Felt really good after and hours after.**

**Worked for some hours. A wholesome work feeling.**

**Comfortable pc position. Big screen. Moderate meal for energy.**

**Clean air walk for 2 hours then back to it.**

**Dhamma.**

**Cooked in the morning for the whole day.**

**The thing that spikes the most when Lavinia is telling you about her
trip to Ilinca, is if they\'d spoken somthing about me and what.**

**Its so funny really. The selfish ego.**

** **

**Wake up beautifully rested at 7.**

**Turn on my stomach and rest between realms for a while.**

**KS2 is calm. How amazing.**

**Last night meal was a moderate serving of milk&lady fingers.**

**There was the slight urge to eat more, but i didn\'t give in.**

**But respected the night.**

**29 Oct -**

** Tough day regarding tooth & ears.**

**Ears & teeth greatly affected by current.**

**Same as my childhood\'s greatest fear when surrounded by elder family
members - and as are all wearing vata in urechi. How much i wished i\'d
not become so.**

**There is no reason or sense in fighting genetics.**

**Takeaway: Mind the in-house current and riding.**

**A champions response to eating too little food food: I\'ll eat more
tomorrow.**

**How even tho he hadn\'t eaten enough today for his goals, the sun is
set and he is respecting the night. I\'ll do better on tomorrow\'s
sun.**

**Each time you are eating way past sunset, you are not respecting the
night. Not respecting nature.**

**The feeling of \"I\'d do anything and enjoy just as much\" fades in
the light of feeling fatter, inflamed, with comfort food still in my
KS2, working.**

**I\'m done with chips, yoghurt and milk&cereals for now. Don\'t feel to
eat anymore.**

**Let\'s see tonight. A good advice would be to meet the evening with 2
moderate dhamma meals before, like the day working.**

**Then, the dataset shows a great change in programming and urge to
eat.**

**28 Oct -**

**Home 4pm. Enjoyed walk with Canu.**

**Masturbated and relaxed 2 hours before eating.**

**I have mixed feelings towards my plans for today\'s eating.**

**TI finals are starting. It would be good to wake up little bit.**

**After chips, yoghurt and one little bowl i stop.**

**It\'s clear the biscuits, chips are dukkha.  **

**I feel my teeth inflamed but i also feel the programming which holds
me from it.**

**Beautiful. So much I, I, I.**

**The feeling of \"I\'d do absolutely anything and enjoy just as much is
faded.\"**

**Weighed a lot about what to eat. Cooked pizza, took little sip and
threw it. Too much dukkha.**

**I end up eating apricot boiled dumplings from lidl.**

**99% of packaged food is dukkha.**

**Affected sleep followed, KS2 wakes me up around 1am pretty upset, so
much that i give her little comfort food.**

**Again, the more i get into this state of excess dukkha food and
inflamed KS2, fears arise. Of plane, of family with Ammy, of work, of
Re-Connect.**

**Freedom. Can eat, masturbate, do whatever u want. I already did
yesterday and slept really good considering.**

**Call with Ammy. She smiled again as she decided not to fight it and
see me.**

**Oh but it gets so complicated.**

**It\'s her life. Her destiny. How can i fight it? If this is her
destiny, to sacrifice herself for Atom and me, who am I to deny it?**

**27 Oct -**

**Ammy calls me. It\'s first time i see her not smiling when sees me.**

**Even when sick and facing death she could find a smile when talking to
me.**

**She tells me about stopping everything, as she is about to sacrifice
her life for Atom and family.**

**In the same way she wants to stop talking with me, so that i could
find another - good lady for my life. The purest of Unconditioned
love.**

**She sacrifices her life for Atom and sacrifices her heart for me.**

**It\'s all a dellusion, birthing from the sickness of \"I\", of deep
core beliefs and values. How can i change this? Cannot.**

**I do want to be with her just like this, but i cannot change her 35
years of life story.**

**The disease of society and life philosophy is so greatly developed
that i cannot reach it.**

**\"She\'s such a human..\" - Pelicanu beautifully said it.**

**Only IF i had cheats for money everything would be so simple, just go
there and be with her.**

**But i don\'t yet.**

**And if those cheats come with the cost of my freedom, i won\'t do
it.**

**Let life unfold.**

**Something beautiful happened today.**

**I feel much dukkha from work as Iulia attemps to push me to work 3
hours on a friday.**

**I close laptop and eat 3 chips. But i feel the mind hanging and
suffering from this attempt on my freedom.**

**So i stop. Go walk. Magician finds closure with Iulia, postponing to
Monday.**

**I am free again.**

**26 Oct -**

**Masturbated and went for granny evening talk.**

**The lotus position on her chair is one of the body resting dhamma
places. Beautiful.**

**At this point, the stomach is getting empty and a wave of pain hits
me.**

**This immediately puts me into alert and i soon get back home and start
eating chips & yoghurt.**

**I eat more slowly than usual.**

**I get back home around 8.**

**Home 6 pm.**

**I just want to masturbate and maybe eat some chips.**

**You\'re free,my friend. Do what u want.**

**Only keep in mind the dhamma day.**

**Office day.**

**Despite my expectations and planning, had to stay at the office until
5pm. Haha.**

**Same with Cosu visit.**

**What a contrast.. Home vs Office. Fuck.**

**It\'s good 1 per month**

**Fall with scooter.**

**Damn the road is slippery as fuck.**

**A great lesson. Adjust speed, adjust breaking technique - accordinging
to the envinronment.**

**From a mental state, it felt just as when i was a child and falled
down. A play.**

**Good morning, my friend.**

**Connecting to the server.. Life.**

**Gameplay is simple. Return to dhamma food so your hp is close to
100%.**

**Experience more the last part of the day with food, abstinence,
quantities.**

**The rhytm of nature.**

**With this respected, just play. The game is impredictable, and you
posses great, great cheats to it.**

**In how you move, talk, act, dream, feel the world, the people, rest,
think, imagine.**

**Greatness. Immortal rank in DotA.**

**From a conection to the outer world and Ammy, she is again facing
tremendous dukkha in form of money, isreal guy, switzerland.**

**This could also be taken into consideration in last night\'s
reflections.**

**But i feel detached.**

**Our story is just as whole now, as it would be in life together.**

**For now, i choose not to get into her dukkha.**

**There are many unforeseen forces coming from her life philosophy and
belief system - like her relationship to mother, her dellusion to
society. - which makes it much harder(impossible) than imagined to
\'sustain\' her.**

**25 Oct -**

**8 PM comes.**

Masturbation was beautiful regarding gym goddess Andreea.

Beautiful in the sense of fantasy.

Spark: The \"I\" already birthed regarding milk&cookies.

Paticassamupada reached upanada(clinging). (phassa-vedana-tahna-upanada)

There is no going back, from Bhikku\'s teachings. It must be stopped at
Phassa. Or ultimately, at vedana.

I let it slide because i\'m feeling so good.

I find a comfortable position to eat cereals. What a blessing.

Here appears the great trickster, fed by dukkha food and thoughts.

I finish 2/3 caramel cookie with a bowl of milk and a lady finger.

Perhaps until this point it could be a meal to be enjoyed on the floor.

I subconciously aknowledge hara hachi bu. I don\'t want any more food
now, but i crave it. I wait a little while for food to settle and make
room.

But tomorrow i go to office, this also has a subconcious programming to
trigger stress and dukkha food.

More so, the FPE report is coming back. More so, 1-on-1 is tomorrow,
which always embodies the greatest fear of being forced to work 8h.

Bla..bla.. bla\...

The \"I\" already birthded regarding other cookie, then regarding
cereals.

Not to do it would mean the death of this \"I\".

I give in to more.

Eat second cookie.

Now KS2 is definitely getting upset.

As i cultivate dukkha, it is fascinating to notice how more fears to
cultivate more dukkha arise.

Scenarios in which before i\'d true heartedly walk, now seem doubtful as
they come up in the mind.

The getting fired&poverty, the plane ride regarding back pain and death,
even the fucking interaction & insta follow on Andreea feels more
pathethic now.

Suddenly this tiny voice inside me which says \"What if they\'re all
right and you\'re the wrong one?\" -

My friend, a powerful display on dukkha\'s effect on core systems.

Really you\'re going to take seriously that she might think it\'s
innapropriate what you did and you should wake up from your fantasy?

Put into words seems absurdly foolish.

**There is also this feeling interpreted as hunger, but it\'s perhaps
just the dellusion of hunger created by the great Trickster.**

Continue with milk&cereals.

More cereals without milk.

Definitely a recipe for a heavy, heavy sleep.

Wake up at 10 inflamed. Of course.

Wake up at 2:30 - more inflamed - water doesn\'t immediately do the
trick.

Continue eating corn meal, more milk&cereals - this somewhat calms me,
as usual, but is just a short-term fix.

Fall asleep until 5:50.

Wake up with a very upset KS2.

It doesn\'t even feel like a defeat, for I understand and am in complete
peace.

I go for a walk singing, despite the KS2 dukkha.

I\'m sorry love, come here.

It\'s like KS2 is my wife and trickster\'s aim to is persuade me to beat
her up.

Sometimes just a slap, sometimes more, but everytime, no matter how hurt
she is, she forgives me. Gives me another chance.

**Takeaway:** Mind the spark. The contact. Phassa.

In vivo shop the cat can appear and disregard the thought of 2 cookies
instantly.

Stop at phassa.

After the one bowl, the cat can appear and disregard the thought of
eating the second bowl or more.

But at the second point, the cat\'s power is affected by food dukkha.
Pleasure.

**\-\--**

It feels like it all started with feeling.

Contact with The feeling of cookie+milk,

On a mental stress (work, office day, andreea married, aloneness) and
physical exhaustion.

Phassa.

Then came the experiencing of the feeling.

**Vedana.**

Craving a painless state quickly followed and the only anwer my mind
could think of was eating.

**Craving. Tahna.**

Clinging quickly followed, as the mind could not think of anything else
but eating more and more.

**Clinging. Upanada.**

Becoming was, as my friend Bhikku says, unavoidable at this point.
Giving in to eating, regardless of consequences.

**Becoming. Bhava.**

**\-\--**

**Return to world-class TRX class.**

Aaah.. gym class feeling. Movement in community.

The king of the fucking gym.

What a feeling afterwards, after pushing so hard. Haven\'t felt this in
a long time.

Now i know the science behind it.

Amazing. Great back line activaton as well. LB feels amazing.

**Seeing my last year gym crush.. Andreea.**

**I\'m absolutely mesmerized by this creature. By her body and energy.**

**She doesn\'t seem interested tho.**

**Found later her facebook with husband an kids.**

**Back home. **

**Masturbate or not? It seems feeling (vedana)**

**Even if do, you are free to eat/do whatever.**

**The fellow warrior helping me at vivo\'s bridge. Someone had messed
with it.**

**But no fear anymore, no anxiety.**

**How beautiful the freedom and impredictability yesterday evening.**

**How from i tik-tok i got spiked by Free Guy movie and proceeded to
watch it.**

**The surprising, unpredictable unfolding of life everyday. **

**Only condition for this to happen is Freedom.**

**What a quiet morning.**

**The Coman old lady felt it since yesterday.**

**But today even more. There is great calm in the envinronment, in the
collective conciousness.**

**24 Oct -**

**Since i\'ve addressed work stress through the Freedom revelation,
everything is much calmer.**

**Now at any point of stress, pressure - i think of the worst scenario
and see that it\'s quite beautiful.**

**What is it so much to be feared in poverty?**

**Is it not just a different flavor of life? One that you\'ll meet with
the weapons of reasons which you\'ll find only in that moment.**

**There is a powerful magician in you, my friend.**

**Poverty could be a mind-body-soul altering experience.**

**Teaching you great minimalism, enjoyment of simple touches of life,
although it might mess with Freedom.**

**I really don\'t care about anything other than losing the money cheats
in this game of life. And therefore, the freedom.**

**Yes my friend, imagine just as losing the unlimited health cheat in
Assassins Creed for a while.**

**First ,it\'s just for a while. You still possess all the other
learnings and cheats on items, movements, skills, gained experienced,
etc.**

**Everything else is still there.  **

**Just as it would be your connection to body, to life, your beliefs and
philosophy, the never-ending freedom to experience life, family, love,
teachings, mystical world of games, everything.**

**For a fucking while.**

**So what is it there that it\'s so scary about not buying lady fingers,
about eating very cheap, cooked, simple food and not buying stuff - for
a while ?**

**Most of the \"freedom\" you\'d give up would be strictly in the matter
of dukkha food. Sweets, food orders, excess.**

**More and more i feel not worth it to spend money on expensive food.**

**An unwritten daily limit of 50-60 lei could offer a glimpse into what
poverty would look like. See what your greatest threat to freedom would
look like.**

**In this freedom that i could over-eat on chips, yoghurt and lady
fingers, there is great relief.**

**Just as in Rachita\'s experience, in the well-being of the body and
digestive systems, the feelings(vedana) might play a bigger role than
food.**

**Perhaps 60% vedana, 40% food.**

**Around 16 i go for a ride and long walk with little purposes. There is
much pollution and dust in the Floresti envoinronment.**

**I remember from yesterday that chips&yoghurt followed by milk + lady
fingers didn\'t trigger me greatly if done in moderation.**

**This made KS2 calm almost completely, but the envinronment created
stress and dukkha on other systems. Breath, throat, skin.**

**Get home and take a beautiful shower. Cleanse my body.**

**I begin to eat milk+lady fingers. There is no position to eat this and
feel completely relaxed. What a shame. For sure it\'s not a meal i could
eat kneeling on the ground.**

**But.. there is no guilt. No shame in doing it.**

**I feel freedom.**

**But also the feeling of \"The game playing me, no longer me playing
the game of life.\" - starts to arise.**

**Followed by a whole white chocolate. And 3 shots of milk+cereals.**

**I\'m feeling a shade of guilt now, but still a great calm.**

**Seeing a quote that said something in the lines of**

**\"I don\'t go to sleep because I am tired, i go to sleep to see other
dimensions.\"**

**Just what i\'ve experienced earlier. I wish i could do it now, but the
food is holding me back, anchored in the illusion of reality.**

**Following sleep respected the before-sleep state.**

**Much calmer than what i\'d usually feel in this end-of-day pattern,
but with some shades of fear.**

**1h wake-up around 00:10 followed by a good sleep till 5:50.**

**Both wake-ups respected Dhamma food Day.**

**Almost immediately arisen and had water. Then sit. Don\'t run back to
sleep.**

**In the morning KS2 is just slightly filled with dukkha.**

**Around 13 i masturbate.**

**Back pain is getting worse after each session of standing, bending,
focusing on it. Masturating offers great relief.**

**Followed by chips & yoghurt.**

**I enjoy and finish it. KS2 doesn\'t feel much inflamed, but
slightly.**

**Freedom. Calm.**

**Around 12 i have my first meal - brown rice with 2 boiled eggs.**

**Dhamma. The purpose fuels my moving body.**

**Around 10 i go for a relaxing walk - with little purposes of buying
milk, yoghurt and chips.**

**Around 9, i sit kneeling and play with my body. I activate the back
line from lumbar to cervical. In doing so, there is a great feeling of
decompression.**

**The moment these 2 regions fail to extend, the T-spine breaking point
appears.**

**It\'s Fascinating.**

**I feel like a cyborg sitting down and re-writing some of it\'s
component\'s codes.**

**Afterwards, i layed down completely relaxed.**

**I feel the re-writing of body\'s programming happening.**

**More and more i feel the immense difference between watching the
breath - and forcing it.**

**I am not sleepy at all, yet my mind wanders just as Bhikku wrote.**

**\*A state he called\***

**It is complete contentment in here. Between realms.**

**Between dreams and the illusion of reality. Fascinating, in full
contentment images of re-writing the body, fighting, images of nature,
of time, slow motion vague and satisfying images, mirrors.**

**An absolute freedom of thoughts. It\'s just as Bhikku wrote.**

**Wow. The curiosity to return to his book.**

**During and after this, there is this great liberating feeling of
\"Return to the Illusion\".**

**At any point, i can shed light and activate my senses and birth
again.**

**But for now, \"I\" feel birthless.**

**Woke up at 4:20 and worked 2 hours.**

**Fuck it was good, and felt efortless.**

**The power of early morning, my friend.**

**23 Oct -**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain**

**LBP has been \~midly triggered the past days.**

**Lifestyle effect on gravity, my friend. First thing to look at.**

**Enclosed movement in house, a lot of standing, a lot of cooking,
bending, riding, temperature, much less squatting outside.**

**Is it not natural to tense ? Beyond all the corrective exercises and
activations.**

**Chill.**

**Also it\'s worth nothing that the PC position with legs up somewhat
triggers it.**

**Riding gives beautiful feedback as in low back reactions to gravity in
different positions. Left glue/hamstring deppresurization.**

**Movie with mom.**

**How much i\'m like her, the seats, the positions, the popcorn
eating.**

**How it triggered me that she can\'t stop - and her puppy eyes reaction
of**

**\"Eu nu ti-as fi spus tie asta.. \" - Oh but you did mother.. Yet you
would not do it now.**

**Everything springs from unconciousness. How she expresses everything
she feels through nose, walk, breath, talk, hair, hands.. Life**

**Its like evolution gave me everything she has, yet it gave me the
tools to heal. To improve.**

**Driving home at 4pm, now the jobless fantasy seems scary.**

**In this state of high back pain, aloneness and inflamation - the core
of life themself are shaken. The giving up on freedom.**

**What if they confront me about the otto clicker - forcing me to work 8
hours.**

**Then i have to give up the Lil Dudes i just bought, and other material
things along with freedom and quality of products. Freedom in money vs
Freedom in work. Feels like a hard choice.**

**I feel some doubt in numquam cedere libertatum.**

**Later morning edit: As mind, body and breath calmed down, i am again
full hearted.**

**If so it happens, i quit my job without hesitation.**

**Search for others, work on reconnect, read, write, massage, manage
little dhamma life with money.**

**Freedom in money? There is no such thing.**

**Home at 4pm.**

**High Back pain following the scooter ride and unfortunate carrying of
stuff, a lot of work pressure, whole body system feeling in a stress
mode.**

**Masturbated + eated gladiator food.**

**Still hungry. Stomach is feeling unexpectedly calm.**

**Continued with chocolate lady fingers + milk.**

**KS2 is still midly calm, but the body&mind enter a state of
purposelessness, lack of energy, nothing feels satisfying - the usual.**

**The instant respose is - more food - more lady fingers with milk.**

**As i get on my bike to get, mom calls me about the scheduled movie.**

**Sadghuru talk about something in us longing for boundless
experience.**

**How much it allignes with last days reflections.**

**Constellation with Noey.**

**What a sexual energy she had. My valentine\'s love.**

**She doesn\'t believe me i don\'t have a gf.**

**But how efortless the conversation is when truth is spoken from the
heart.**

**A new day.**

**Short wake-up at 00:30 followed by restful sleep till 4:40.**

**Body is feeling great.**

**It\'s worth noting this despite the fried chicken at Carmen and the
chips & yoghurt before bed, sleep is good-ish. And post wake-up feeling
is fuckin great.**

**How the hand of evolution gave me all my mother&father\'s blessings
and curses.**

**But much more intensified.**

**With a chance, and what feels like a biological purpose, to heal. To
become better.**

**To carve evolution.**

**Haven\'t talked to Ammy in over a day.**

**I feel the universe opening up to other girls. Other connections.**

**The thought of plane crashing if i don\'t go to Ammy slowly vanishes
in the light of life being much more than love.**

**It\'s every second, every moment.**

**22 Oct -**

**Singapore calling.**

**Reading about it. The strict policies.**

**The airbnb, the esports arena hotel.**

**I feel it\'s a totally different world. The little city-country.**

**What a powerful computing power the brain has.**

**Continously adapting to the ever-changing envinronment.**

**The Art Of Life.**

**Life is beautiful. A beautiful game.**

**I\'m tried, but what a beautiful day.**

**The vivo scooter experience. How powerful my body reacted.**

**Visit Mister. Food and talk with his mom. Fried chicken, but cooked
with much love.**

**Dhamma talk with mom.**

**Stories of the beginnings of her relationship with dad.**

**How beautiful evolution repeats and tries to ammend for past
mistakes.**

**Everything springs from the unconciousness.**

**Elders teachings - Granny**

**"Pamantu se lucra cand trebe, nu cand vrei."**

**Of all the being inside a girl, there is one which is almost always
neglected.**

**Who is she when you break up? This offers great insight about her
heart, life-story and beliefs.**

**Who is she without you? When she no longer needs to act in a certain
way for your love's validation.**

**Answering this question today with Ammy.**

**I realize her greatest skill - even more so - her natural gift - is to
express emotions through her body. This unfolds in 2 ways: Controlled(in
front of camera, people) and in natural flow.**

**This matches perfectly with the Goddess archtype in her. It is a
feature very similar to my mother\'s.**

**As i think of Bhikku\'s cat guarding the door, not allowing \"I\" to
rise, the feeling of playing the game appears.**

**Oh and what a fucking game there is. So complex, so connected, so
beautiful.**

**Slowly the feeling of \"i\'d do absolutely anything now.\" arises.**

**What a feeling. What a game..**

**Lets play.**

**\" Silenece is the best asnwer to someone who doesn\'t value your
words.**

**Words are like keys. If you choose them right, they can open**

**When you build in silence, people don\'t know what to attack.**

**Be selfish with your time.**

**If you only walk on sunny days, you will never reach your
destination.**

**Fear is temporary. Regret is forever.**

**Turn your wounds into wisdom.**

**People insipire you, or they drain you. Pick them wisely.\"**

**Good morning.**

**Food for the first&second part of the day is in the oven, cooking.**

**When eating is done to purely and lovingly feed the body, it can
served kneeling, in silence.**

**Since lifestyle changed and i started cooking, weight dropped.**

**A lot of it is coming down my legs. It\'s natural.**

**I feel some kind of trigger regarding how skinny they look.**

**In society\'s views, my legs before were one of my strongest points.
Big, muscular, beautiful.**

**The voice of society (As in bro\'s, gym world, ariana, lavinia, mom)
calls the previous form way more BETTER.**

**My friend.. isn\'t the greatest pain of your life cause exactly by
this concept? Of losing the freedom to be as you want, and be what they
want?**

**Reflect on a better question regarding your legs, beyond Mirrors.**

**How do they feel? Damn.. strongest form i\'ve ever felt.**

**There have never been so much calmness in my fascial and muscular
systems.**

**Often when i walk, i feel the nurturing of my body and joints starting
from the ankles.**

**Walking, moving around the house, squatting outside or at granny, is
done with great easiness. Calmness.**

**And when there is calm, there can be power.**

**A painful echo of my \'disease\' getting worst, as it can be compared
to days in which i\'ve \'eated\' worst food and slept better.**

**Which would mean sickness, death.**

**Also the body losing weight as it does in sickness. Even though by
feeling alone, as described above, i have never felt such easiness in
movement and rest. Such easiness in walking and breath.**

**But it\'s such a foolish comparation, when the level of the studying
is taken into comparison. I looked at so little things.**

**How is sleep, even if done same as before? Wayyyyyy more restful, more
complete.**

**The more the study deepens, the more everything (and therefore, the
problem and symptoms) is seen.**

**How are mental and emotional realms compared to sickness before?
Incomparibly better.**

**How are the supplements and remedies? Water and breath now, compared
to charcoals, bicarbonate, sticks and pretzels.**

**I call it great progress my friend.**

**21 Oct -**

**Back pain was very noticeable. Well, not to get too the 1000 pages
book, but there was a short,incomplete sleep followed by a lot of time
standing.**

**But low back pain was low back pain.**

**It\'s there.**

**There is absolutely no correlation to eating.**

**How fucking wonderful.**

**Quest for Love, For the Mother of my childs continues.**

**Ammy became unavailable, disconnected from the matrix for 1 year or
until new developments occurs.**

**Moving to ludus with current 1h/day job, is much more dhamma than
quitting my job completely and working on different dick-breaking job or
even ruining Re-Connect by losing the Freedom to it.**

**Life and dhamma girl with child.. might be just a heartbeat away.**

**3rd love awaits - so the legends whisper.**

**A feeling i have not felt since i met Ammy.**

**Talk with Pelicanu. It\'s both.**

**She loves you as Tommy and also as a man who takes care of her, even
if she has to resort to lying.**

**But she full hearts wants life with me - everything from her fears,
jelousies, tiktoks, everything - points to this.**

**So i calm down as riding and give into faith.**

**Got home and told her. She\'s happy.**

**Not long after this, i research about thai marriage and learn about
the 310 days.**

**She acts like she doesn\'t know, but her reaction is way too
suspicious.**

**Another lie for money ? Disorting the truth, using emotions. Just as
her mom.**

**The 310 waiting days after marriage give me a lot of clarity.**

**I initially think she\'s lying, but i have faith in her that she spoke
truth.**

**I feel Liberation.**

**For sure it\'s not dhamma for me to quit my job and live there at this
point.**

**So i\'ll take a step back from this close connection which hurts me
greatly.**

**Let her go for a while and return to present womans.**

**Fate and time will decide.**

**Granny feels that Ammy is a fraud.**

**She may be blinded by passion tho.**

**She may be right? The re-opening of the whole Ammy scam saga?**

**And so much a conincidence, how it magically matches today\'s talk
about money.**

**Perhaps it\'s all a game to her, a game for fun and money ?**

**For sure i knew from the first moments how she played and plays men
for money all her life.**

**The only question worth asking was if i was the ONE she\'d change
for?**

**But yet everything in our story seems so unbelieveable and filled in
coincidences.**

**Talk ending peacefully in: Fate will show.**

**\"Strive only for health and be close to family. Everything else is
it\'s God\'s hands.\"**

**So which one is true? Your intuition or granny\'s intuition ?**

**What is \"true\" ? Maybe both.**

**Although i know more than half her life stories and the whole beings
in her.**

**Granny\'s intuition also told her that mother was not in pain with
father.**

**So she may be blinded by passion.**

**But in what a what this came after last night\'s dream.**

**It makes absolutely perfect sense that i am the exception and her true
love, judging how she acts, speaks, manifests, my dettached observing,
her dreams, her reactions, her faces, her fears, her dreams. her
profiles.**

**Also, it makes absolutely prefect sense that it is all a scam and a
lie, for money. The money, the daughter pregnacy, her pregnacy, sister
debt to israel guy before coming, debt for divorce, everything.**

**Anything she says and does can fit absolutely perfect in both the scam
and true love\'s destiny.**

**The file begs re-openning.**

**So which one is true? What is \"true\" ?**

**The whole fucking night, sufferings, fears, reflections and
ramifications ended in.**

**Dream about granny.**

**Revelation about Granny. She is my relationship.  **

**The mother-image who taught me love, kindness and freedom.**

**Jorg philosophy about women, when wise enough to take a step back from
game insecurities and validations, applies to granny just as much as it
does to Ammy.**

**Care for your relationship with granny.**

**20 Oct -**

**Dhamma day - now evening comes?**

**Evening comes as i talk to Ciupe and Rachita.**

**I eat a simple serving of rice + yoghurt + caju yoghurt.**

**Then another simple serving of more rice + banana. (Big mistake)**

**Also take a little sip of milk and cereals before bed.**

**I also play some fighting with Ammy.**

**There is a great great suffering of \"I\" regarding not being and not
having a solution to be with Ammy.**

**Like our future hangs on a shallow string held by Israel man.**

**My happiness and wholeness in women, in having family and childs fully
depend on a fucking israel retard not wanting to divorce.**

**What can I do\...**

**The greatly wounded heart is somewhat relieved in moments where i no
longer identify with the \"I\". But nonetheless, it is there, greatly
burning.**

**Yet today\'s revelations were truly symbolic. Heart is in a different
way, at great peace regarding life.**

**End the day with really simple food, not too many meals, definitely
eaten in deficit.**

**But surprinsingly and terrifying, one of the most affected nights
followed.**

**Not nearly as bad as yesterday\'s full bag of chips + chocolate (
which resulted in a 6.5/10 sleep).**

**Yes, but yesterday almost fully respected the neural programming.**

**And yesterday there was no evening caju+banana AND no food at first
wake up.**

**Work can be fun. Talk some things, send some emails.**

**I am no longer afraid of what messages and emails pop up.**

**Worst case scenario - i no longer fear it.**

**Freedom .**

**Interaction with the 2 girl and 2 guys - direct approach girl.**

**Warrior. I feel the masculine threat and her pressure, but calmly
act.**

**End with a quote.**

**\"Cheers to honesty.\"**

**I get in park and get bubble tea.**

**Here, 2 little school girls were talking very passionately to the
baristas about how much they hate school.**

**Everything in my life and dhamma seems to revolve about this. Fredom
to live, to love, to experience life.**

**The only suffering with Ammy was again, this freedom being taken. (As
per my creation.)**

**The only suffering in DotA - it all went to shit when i started to
have a schedule that i couldn\'t keep. When freedom was taken away.**

**Numquam cedere libertatum.**

**Reflecting more and more i realize this also related to the back
pain.**

**I somehow escaped and cheated through school and here i was, being
proud of my IT 8 hours job and gym. Deep back in the system.**

**But pain quickly arose. Great back pain.**

**And because of that pain, found my ways of cheating again the
system.**

**Found brotherhood.**

**And when the cheats were at danger and had to again bend to the
system, unconsciousness started burning.**

**The dream of quitting my job and waking up to a board with \'FREEDOM\'
written on it.**

**Anything else but this. Entrapment of life. My hell.**

**And finally, with the dhamma aid, i managed to completely break free
from the corporate life.**

**But not completely.**

**As this hell continues to exist in me.**

**When working and having pressure - again having to bend down, when
people want to control me, to teach me when i not want to be teached.**

**When having to do something i don\'t want to do, having to be
somewhere i don\'t want to be.**

**This is my greatest suffering in life.**

**From childhood to now.**

**Perhaps the pure cause of your back pains.**

**Perhaps the cause of your stomach pains.**

**Greatest pain in relationships with women.**

**Because until recently, women experience meant having to give up and
be with a woman i won\'t want to be. Everybody pushing me to this. Until
Ammy.**

**Everything.**

**My greatest suffering.**

**The one thing that births \"I\" most powefully.**

**This is what is to be guarded.**

**Have trust that whatever happens, you will find a way. Will find
cheats.**

**As long as the sun rises up in the morning, i will cheat. I will not
bend down.**

**Play.**

**Let critical thinking be critical thinking only.**

**Let some taps on the screen be done in your terms.**

**In freedom.**

**You will always find a way. The only limit is imagination.**

**Orszi ask you for something which might eventually reflect your
failings?**

**And not doing of home-work? What u do? What does your body, breath and
FOOD relationship do?**

**Oh and Octavian might catch you and eventually confront your
workstyle?**

**And oh, then i\'d have to actually work 5-6-7 hours, be controlled and
watched. \"Having my homework checked and graded.\"**

**What is there that is so scary? The ultimate layer of your fears.**

**Lose job, not have money and eventually need to bend down and work 8
hours. This perhaps is my greatest fear.**

**It would mean Enclosing of the spirit.**

**Of the FREEDOM.**

**Then, oh.. everything will go to fuck.**

**So seriously you take it my friend.**

**Whaever he does, you adapt. You speak people language, but act in
dhamma langauge.**

**If not taken seriously, it can be really fun to partake this dance.**

**Its just a childish fear. But it sits at the core of your being.**

**Everything you know seem to arise from this battle.**

**Talk to yourself about this fears just as you talk to Pelicanu.**

**The \"I WILL NOT BEND DOWN SPEECH.\"**

**Considering fucking hurting him in the real world if he messes with
your freedom.**

**I am a warrior, not a child anymore. Nobody will take my freedom.**

**I will fucking KILL, as my ancestors did, AND FUCKING DIE FOR MY
FREEDOM.**

**The magician\'s imagination will fucking explode and find ways in
impossible situations.**

**The warrior will never give up and is ready to go to the edge of the
fucking world for this.**

**Trust yourself. Then the greatest fear will be addressed.**

**The dark side will never win.**

**In this, the letting go of \"I\" can happen once again.**

**The game can be played.**

**Some big problems arise? You just act like you bend down for a while,
like an assassin blending, and resort to any kind of solution without
limits.**

**More, the ultimate layer of your fears are actually.. your parent\'s
greatest fears?**

**Worst case, i wake up with no money and no job, what is so scary?**

**It is not just another level? Eating cheap vegetables and oats and
saving money?**

**Oh but the pleasures of life, weed, quality phone&headphones, tooth
extreme pains, simple food, good PC?**

**If getting to that point, i am absolutely sure my parents will take
care of this.**

**Life would still be very much enjoyable. (same Cosu)**

**And it will be as all things, impermanent.**

**Just another level of this game. Another flavor.**

**But this is so highly unlikely. You\'ve gathered so many skills that
by just living your life by heart, will win you some money.**

**So you see why your hell, your greatest spiritual suffering - is but
an illusion.**

**An echo from the past. A memory.**

**Not work, not family, not friend, nobody will ever rob you of your
FREEDOM.**

**Worth noticing how at work, is not the work itself that the mind wants
to avoid so much.**

**But the unknown. THE UNKNOWN. The \"Homework\". The critical thinking,
learning, echos from school.**

**The fear of the unknown turning to be my greatest pain. Enclosing.
Being forced to bend down and work/go to school.**

**Exactly same Ammy triggered in me by her reaction to tiktok recipes.**

**How she feels the fucking same.**

**But this is foolish, my friend.**

**If you let critical thinking be critical thinking, as just another
level of this game of life, it becomes playable.**

**Unit documentations, talking to people, the \'just doing\'.**

**But if critical thinking comes with the great echos and fear of the
unknown, of the fail, of the not good enough, the level is unplayable
and you\'ll run from it.**

**Last night\'s dream offers great insight. And the continuous meesages
from the unconciousness about this pain - symbolized by skipping school
and getting caught stealing at work images.**

**Reflect how much it conditions the food.**

**Let their views be their views. You cannot take seriously just what
they say about \"YOU\".**

**Take just as in filter, just as a NPC talk in AC. A farmer telling you
need to quit fighting for glory and Valhala is just as Lavinia, AMmy,
Mom, Granny telling you should do X.**

**But if you let critical thinking be just as stamina in AC and not let
it come together with your fears and hells, it can be enjoyable.**

**Same with reading. Of course it also triggers my hell, for it was a
huge part of childhood.**

**The moment i wrote this, i got a celebration prize of a 20h cpr with
actual work 0.5h. And enjoyable work.**

**Beautiful morning. Much warmer.**

**Some work to free myself and visiting Cluj should be considered.**

**Sleept again between realms.**

**There is this strange feeling of derealization.**

**Of waking to the illusions.**

**AC world, AC tv series, star wars, Dreams,real life and death, they
don\'t seem much different. Same thing of different flavors.**

**Everything but a game.**

**The trouble in AC valhala can be just as strong as the ones on real
life.**

**Oh and how we long for emotions.. just to feel something.**

**Just to play the game.**

**Watching lavinia, mom, girls, people, pelicanu, everyone - the
unconciousness continously speaks and manifets. But it does is so much
hiding, as when it\'s pointed they each react differently.**

**Every word they choose, every face and body movement - if \"I\" is
left at the door and guarded like a mouse guards rats, it can be seen.**

**It all springs from deep experiences and beliefs.**

**Truly beautiful.**

**The \'distinction\' of reality fades more and more in the sense of the
realization that everything is an illusion.**

**Even when reading my diary from first days in Asia, the dhamma of
life, the truth of life, the one thing i did not know how to be reminded
of at every moment, for it would like make life perfect - was exactly
this.**

**The illusion of \"I\". Seeing the world beyond \"I\".**

**But losing the distinction to reality isn\'t it schizofrenia?**

**Perhaps we reach the same conclusions but they do it chemically. Not
by inner search.**

**Just like in the mystical world, a human cannot grasping the most
secrets of life and the universe - because he will lose it\'s mind.**

**But still, we are born with this quest.**

**If i were to express this to the world, they would call me
schizofrenic for playing the game of life.**

**19 Oct -**

**Masturbated + slightly fighting with Lavinia + pressure of work +
feeling the pressure of mom coming (so there are plans, i cannot eat
freely - how foolish :)) haha) - created an envinronment for pistachios
(eating while thinking about the dukkha, the negative emotions)**

**Now teeth hurt and the whole system urges to re-live the last week mom
visting day.**

**This served as a spark.**

**And what can i do? Outside is full of pollution and dust.**

**At this hour, going to cluj seems to only possibility, and even that
fades as night approaches and cold settles.**

**Still, i did some things different - washed my teeth, drank water,
play the game.**

**So its not about masturbation only, pistachios only, fun fighting
only, but everything.**

**A single drop of water.**

**Be mind of this level, it\'s a hard one.**

**Later eate chips + yoghurt + milk + chocolate. (eating while talking
and fighting with Ammy).**

**It\'s worth noting that the moment i started eating i also started fun
fighting with Ammy - which turned out very seriously.**

**How amazing. How they cultivate one another.**

**Sleep affected but not too bad, as this day compared to last week\'s
one - more dhamma was cultivated.**

**6.5/10.**

**One strange feeling to be noted.**

**As i was walking to the computer after over-eating dukkha food, i look
outside.**

**It\'s night.**

**I feel like i\'m not respecting the momentum of nature. Of the
universe.**

**For now my stomach should be empty and relaxing, preparing for
sleep.**

**Beautiful to notice how in AC world, I no longer feel going alone the
more i know the character.**

**It\'s perks, it\'s strengths, my connection to it.**

**The more this happens, the more i feel prepared to go alone.**

**How you play is how you live.**

**How you fight, click continuesly and afraid, or like dancing?**

**Cheats in AC for items becomes cheats in real life about women
dynamics, scooter, job, handling life and emotions, everything has
cheats.**

**Pausing the game is just like the skill of anapanasati. Pausing from
the illusion of \"I\".**

**Amazing meal kneeling in my living room. 2 perfectly boiled eggs with
brown rice and a splash of asian sauce.**

**Truly Dhamma.**

**And how i\'d wanted to do nothing else while eating but taste and
compliment each bite.**

**Not compliment to myself, but to It. To the being of food. Just it.**

**Cleaning the pc. O my god..**

**I have forgotten until today how much i loved working on the pc with
my father..**

**What beautiful experience.. and how lucky am i to be reminded and to
live it again.**

**Haven\'t cleaned my PC in years, i disregarded it\'s importance.**

**But man.. man.. it\'s an unbelievable difference.**

**Unbelievable.**

**I turned it on and it runs so beautifully that i wasn\'t sure it\'s
running.**

**CLEANING REGULARLY IS DHAMMA. MAGIC.**

**Buddhist monk Michael:**

**\"Loving support**

**Many years ago, I led a retreat in the south of France at a private
meditation centre. When the retreat had ended, I was invited to give a
public talk the next evening in the beautiful old walled city of
Carcassonne.**

**I was driven there by my organiser and translator and the talk went
ahead. After the talk we walked back to the car park to where the car
was parked, but now the space was empty!**

**I said, "Your car's not there."**

**My student immediately took her glasses out of her bag just to make
sure she was seeing properly, but had to agree that the car was
missing.**

**Very calmly she said, "O.K. we have to report this to the police and
then call my husband to come and collect us."**

**After we had arrived back at the retreat centre and sat with a cup of
tea I told her that I had been very impressed by her calm manner and
attitude when she realised that the car had been stolen (It was taken by
'joy' riders and found some days later completely destroyed).**

**"Thank you," she said, "but it was only because you were standing next
to me."**

**We often think of ourselves in a small way, continually rejecting any
idea of self worth and value, but the truth is that everything is
affecting everything else, and our presence in any situation can be a
support and even a blessing to others.**

**For myself I met this many times when I lived with my teacher. To see
him responding in different moments in a wise and loving way was always
inspirational. Never showing anger or irritation, but always being
strong and clear.**

**When we are angry that has an effect in our life and everything that
we come into contact with.**

**When we are loving, that too has an effect in our life and everything
that we come into contact with. Of the two, love is better.**

**However, here is the spiritual paradox, if we try to be someone who
manifests only certain beautiful qualities, we miss the point of
practice.**

**We train ourselves to let go of conditioned ideas of behaviour and
simply allow the heart to emerge.**

**The heart (intuitive understanding) 'just is,' and so never tries to
show itself. It responds to the moment without looking over its shoulder
to see who's watching. It does not look at the spiritual scoreboard to
see how well it's doing. The heart serves and asks for nothing in return
and so is pure.**

**Purity of being is the highest practice.**

**Our own spiritual training is to let go of any limited sense of self
identity and be one with this infinitely loving and generous heart.**

**In this way our life becomes a blessing to ourselves and then quite
naturally, a blessing to all beings and situations that we meet.**

**May all beings be happy.\"**

**\"Good meditation.**

**It is easy to attach to pleasant feelings in meditation, in fact, we
generally use the expression 'good meditation', to indicate that the
mind has been calm and peaceful and that the time has passed quickly and
without effort. If, however, we have experienced feelings of desire or
restlessness or any painful sensations in the body, we will say
something else. That was definitely not a 'good meditation'.**

**As long as we associate a feeling of 'getting high' on peacefulness
with our meditation practice we are still a long way from truth.**

**The purpose of Dhamma practice in general and Vipassana training in
particular, is to see the mind as it is in this moment, and not try to
make it any particular way. To learn to let go of our desire to change
everything so that it is always perfect for us and be at peace with
things as they are. With this attitude we can know the truth for
ourselves and everything in the mind body complex can be used as a
treasure. By using those treasures and taking advantage of their
qualities, we can realise enlightenment for ourselves.**

**May all beings be happy.\"**

**18 Oct -**

**Eate br vaci + choco pudding + some rice.**

**Last meal unfolded efortlessly.**

**Good job, my friend.**

**Short wake-up at 0:30 with KS2 slightl upset, wake agian at 4:30.**

**Have water. Play in my world of AC. Beautiful.**

**Next morning came with body feeling close to 90-100% funtionality.**

**As the sun is rising the fresh vegetables meal is cooking in the
oven.**

**Cheers, my friend.**

**Got home.**

**Having a tea and smoking, contemplating.**

**Last meal is approaching. Enjoy the play.**

**Went on to masturbate but here,in bed, wathed and re-lived the day
Ammy came back. 20 march. How beautiful.**

**This completely made the urge to masturbate dissapear. Efortless,
without a battle.**

**Eate some turkish coal cooked meat. Good. Hara hachi bu, shared with
my brother.**

**Although felt the echo of this meal even hours later.**

**Just as when i was a kid and felt food echos hours later.**

**Dhamma meeting with my brother.**

**Impersonated trickster and laughed hard. How funny it is outside the
creation.**

**Games are the modern man expression of fantasy thinking.**

**The more complex AC gets and detailed, the more it resembles real
life.**

**And the more real life is observed beyond the "I", the built
character, the more it resembles games.**

**17 Oct -**

**Had a fun talk with the Trickster about eating potatoes + 2 yoghurts
with rice chips.**

**Potatoes are hmm.. feel a bit acidic.**

**Rice chips.. clearly bad. Stopped after a few and adapted.**

**2 Yoghurts + Banana + Rice puffs - much better but passed hara hachi
bu at half bowl.**

**Felt it but finished it, it was really good.**

**Rested for a while and later eat some rice puffs with milk.**

**KS2 was working and a bit heavy. At 9 pm i feel it calming again and
eat some rice puffs with little milk.**

**KS2 is definitely feeling better than yesterday.**

**Sleep was good and dreaming between realms, mystical, death, life..
hard to put into words.**

**Woke up at 4:20.**

**As i slowly come to conciousness, i feel my dear KS2 more and more
inflamed.**

**I feel this vaguely happened after changing positions and putting
pressure on the stomach.**

**After a few minutes between conciousness and sleep, KS2 is clearly
becoming more and more upset. I get up and drink water.**

**Play AC for 2 hours.**

**KS2 is greatly calmed.**

**I fall asleep again until 9:30.**

**Again a sleep between realms, more in the mystical world than the
rational one.**

**I awake beautifuly rested, with KS2 slightly upset.**

**I stand with a fruit smoothie smoking and contemplating.**

**Dhamma second part of the day and final part is approaching.**

**Play the game my friend.**

**Man this game is spiritual experience if let be, not a game.**

**The dreams, visions, stories, everything is pure phantasy of the
mind.**

**This approach has greatly changed my gameplay.**

**No more rushing, killing innocentes, abusing power - but now living
the story, meditating as he meditates - getting lost in the fantasy
thinking. Beautiful.**

**Leap of faith - Assassin\'s Creed - The Hidden Ones**

**\"Believe that death will not come until you are prepared to meet it,
and you will fear nothing.\"**

**The way they viewed death. The mystical realm.**

**How fantastic it is exposed when observed.**

**Advice from the elders. Mamami**

**Drink water when eating. This may change everything.**

**The little battle i partook when had the meeting and wanted to
smoke&mastrubate before, but i knew its better wait.**

**It happened instantly and effortlessly when engaging in something
else.**

**More and more i feel what i\'ve written yesterday about food.**

**The frequency you eat from is everything.**

**This flow.. this state of playing the game.**

**Brewing tea is just as enjoyable as cutting vegetables, or buying
them, or seeing granny.**

**The full dissociation and playing the game.**

**This is what is missing from the second part.**

**This state is greatly conditioned by food, masturbation, stress,
emotional pain, physical pain.**

**When each of these state occurs, the contentment of anything i\'d do
(play) begins fading more and more.**

**This is what is missing.**

**How do i anchor this state of playing the game of life, regardless of
circumstances ?**

**In this, there is no spiritual suffering.**

**Food is a very powerful reminder of I and spiritual suffering.**

**This state of i\'d do anything, no thing in my life pool is less
enjoyable than the next.**

**Yes, the idea of working differs slightly because it requires critical
thinking and lack of ikigai.**

**But everything else - from stretching to writing, to simply sitting
and moving the mouse around, to cooking, cutting, see granny, buy
vegetables, reading(requires some level of critical thinking too but is
ikigai), ah.. laying on my stomach and writing&thinking \'fantasy
thinking\' - feels just as enjoyable.**

**I\'d do any of these things and all without clinging.**

**This is what i lose in the second part of the day.**

**I\'d no longer feel to do with a focused mind any of these, except
eating or high doses of life pleasure force from**

**(talking-going out with a hot girl, masturbating if haven\'t -
reproductive)**

**(Getting huge pumps of social media and reconnect spikes. - gold
survival in community)**

**(Playing a game i love - like Assassins Creed.)**

**These come in certain intensities and are the only things i\'d rather
choose at night than eating.**

**So the pool becomes extremely limited to either these unique, high
spikes on different systems - or eating.**

**It is already a losing hand.**

**I become completely identified with the \"I\".**

**It is no longer a game.**

**The second part of the day is where everything gets serious and
problematic.**

**The answer feels simple.. just return to playing the game.**

**Search your feelings.. for this state of i\'d enjoy anything i do.**

**Create it and step into it.**

**This is the only way it can be done without spirit sacrifice.**

**16 Oct -**

**Wake up at 2am, but KS2 is more inflamed than usual.**

**Ended up with 2 big servings (main meals) of chips & yoghurts.**

**Pretty Affected sleep followed.**

**It\'s like in this affected state i can make all the promises and
plans**

**But when daylight (body functionality closing to 100%), i fail to do
so.**

**How can i return to my dhamma food day?**

**Everything is connected, my friend.**

**Just play the game.**

**The idea of mom coming in a negative vibe already programmed so
much.**

**The eating before, the eating after..**

**After the emotional pressure is gone.**

**This was soon followed by the rise of her imposibilitty to divorce.**

**Great unconciousness pain. This also has to be considered into the
great pla of things.**

**The idea of marrying Ammy and moving to Ludus, have our little house
and garden.. How amazing it feels.**

**Dhamma life.**

**This would greatly depend on Ammy\'s divorce.  **

**Or does it? Can you not walk alone this path back home?**

**The true Re-Connect.**

**Then my work can flourish.**

**It surpasses all other visions.**

**You eat the emotion you\'re feeling?**

**Be in calm, content, in love with life, in conflict with life, in back
pain, in emotional pain with Reconnect, Viorel(yesterday experience),
Ammy, Mommy, pelicanu, work, everything.**

**Whenever you\'re eating, you eat that emotion. Be it negative or
positive.**

**Study this.**

**You eat Vedana. Vedana conditions KS.**

**If the emotion is negative, it is imperative to postpone eating.**

**As long as the negative emotion is present, return to the 3 steps.**

**Stop eating and drink water, Calm the breath. Calm the mind.**

**Cultivate a beautiful emotion through anything you\'d love to do at
that moment. Speak to Ammy in a certain way, walk, play games, practice
the strength dhammas.**

**Then only, eat.**

**What you\'re feeling completely guides the act of eating, both in food
quality, the activity itself and the later digestion of it.**

**As Bhikku writes, vedana rules the world.**

**But is that emotion being fueled or expressed through eating? **

**Depends on the emotion. It seems both.**

**The Dhamma Food Day is amazing, but it serves just as a dhamma house
with plants, soft warm floor and space.**

**But it is still You living in this house.**

**This kaya who is completely ruled by vedana.**

**If you eat from a positive emotion, contentment, calm, love - you will
be able to truly eat and stop at hara hachi bu.**

**If you eat from a negative emotion, escaping any sort of pain - you
will feed this being inside of you until you greatly surpass hara hachi
bu and reach numbness.**

**Defeat.. my defeat.**

**A very affected KS2 during night.**

**After afternoon\'s overeating, body was not that affected and it
slowly calmed down.**

**(White bread + cream cheese + milk + cereals + pistachios )**

**Oh but the night came.**

**Had a meal of corn + rice puffs + drinking yoghurt + kaufland already
opened chocolate pudding.**

**Wake up at 2:30. Slept good, but now the KS2 is becoming more and more
affected.**

**I only drink water and try to sleep again.**

**KS2 is not calming down.**

**I fall asleep elevated around 5am but am awakned in \~1 hour because
of the inflamed KS2.**

**My love is so hurt and upset..**

**And on the other side of the world, my love is so hurt and upset..**

**Dreaming about being left alone in the cold.**

**\"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing\" - Socrates**

**At times like this after great years of studying my stomach i feel i
know nothing.**

**15 Oct -**

**Walking on Sunday.. The only day when the air is clean.**

**Leaf blower experience.**

**Studed for a while Chakra Science from David at Pyramid Yoga center.
(Ko Phagan)**

**To be more scientifically blunt, our mind-body connection is very
active here at the first**

**chakra level where the gravitational force creates the attraction
required to bind the**

**atoms/molecules while the letting go of these molecules is the off
switch of gravitation,**

**effected by the on switch of on Anahata's repulsion. If our first and
fourth chakra forces are**

**functional, this process goes on full-time at microsecond speed.**

**These two chakras are the manifestation of these opposing forces:
attraction and repulsion.**

**It is most fortunate for us that this entire operation is organized
with the greatest**

**sophistication and conveniently placed in our subconscious program
bank.**

**There is amazing intelligent engineering displayed in all of our
internal functions.**

**With respect, we should feel a sense of gratitude for the creation of
us as people with these built-in capabilities.**

**If we fall into a state of fear and doubt about these abilities, they
become dysfunctional.**

**Just as the digestive and immune functions do not work at the same
time, the stress of fear and**

**worry are not compatible with the relaxed mode needed for healing. It
is important to stay**

**connected to the intelligence of the universe with understanding and
respect for the**

**knowledge programmed into us.**

**This in itself, creates a sense of peace and calm that make the
foundation of auto-immune**

**function. The wisdom contained in this intelligence is known as
Buddhi. This is the divine**

**link established in bhakti yoga without which all the other forms of
yoga will not succeed to**

**reach the final goal. In Science, this is study and understanding of
the divine organization that**

**went into our human design. Without this final plug-in and a sense of
appreciation and**

**gratitude, healing is impermanent.**

**When you start to feel ill, lack of energy, pain and discomfort,**

**We should interpret this body language with intelligence and choose an
appropriate reaction.**

**To stop eating should be the first step, and certainly not reaching
for comfort food. As explained**

**earlier, the digestive system and the immune system do not work well
at the same time, so by**

**eliminating digestion for a while the prana and oxygen go to the
immune system.**

**The second**

**and third steps would be relax body activity, relax and rest, then
thirdly breathe more deeply.**

**This kind of support for the immune system brings it up to peak
performance, unless it has**

**been damaged previously, in which case it would need to be the first
in line for self-healing.**

**Return to 3 strengh dhammas.**

**Handstand**

**Front lever**

**30 Pulls-ups**

**Flexibility**

**Carry these with you across the whole day, not only first part.**

**Body is slowly recovering.**

**14 Oct -**

**As i came home tired, i started playing with the idea of fighting with
Ammy.**

**It felt fun, pure emotions in this alone exhausted and bored state.**

**Did a really good fight, she got extremely angry.**

**Man i love this girl.**

**But there is also a certain doubt, unfolding from new circumstances.**

**Israel man asked for 80.000 baht for divorce.**

**Is this another one of her games? Almost certain not, as she\'d
admitted and stopped playing these with me long ago.**

**Resisted the post-masturbation urge to eat.**

**Beautiful.**

**Also, the snacks eating were much more addressed than in the past.**

**Somewhat resorted to least-dukkha choice. Still, there was not enough
wisdom in action at this point.**

**Re-Connect plan is clearer.**

**A few webinars leading to sales. (either together or alone)**

**Writing for Re-Connect.**

**Parcu mare walk. How beautiful is life when body is close to 100%
functionality.**

**Spinu and coconut fruit smoothie.**

**7.5/10 sleep - reflecting the dhamma level of the 2 main meals
yesterday:**

**Rice potatoes + rice cheese + oats (slight passing hara hachi bu)**

**Tofu mein + branza vaci + budinca (passing hara hachi bu)**

**Woke up at night and contemplating water vs food.**

**Water prevails greatly.**

**Woke up fully rested and ready for the day.**

**13 Oct -**

**Reflecting on the purpose of my life in lack or re-connect presence
(ikigai) and Ammy (family).**

**It feels like a state of waiting - feeling incomplete.**

**All that must be done is cultivate dhamma food.**

**Once KS2 is filled with dhamma, KS follows.**

**These to allow dhamma development of life, regardless of
circumstances.**

**Dream about Ammy friendzoning me, but i don\'t really believe it.**

**The echos of Ariana\'s past are crawling, but as an illusion.**

**12 Oct -**

**As i began to eat puffs + cow\'s cheese (same cottage) + protein
yoghurt - i clearly reach Hara Hachi Bu.**

**Wait a while and then eat chips + yoghurt.**

**Slightly pass hara hachi bu.**

**The stomach is fueled but not the body.**

**Doesn\'t feel like dhamma food.**

**Wait another while and at the first sight of hunger - i eat corn puffs
milk then 25g chocolate.**

**I\'m sleepy now.**

**I fall asleep an hour later.**

**A somewhat disturbed sleep followed.**

**It\'s clear.**

**Step carefully.**

**First mistake was corn puffs. But i\'ve somehow managed to convice
myself they\'re not.**

**Or at least that that won\'t spiral down in a dukkha food chain. (this
can be done with sufficient sati, but is it the dhamma way?)**

**I was mistaken.**

**Second mistake. Chips + yoghurt.**

**Yes it feels amazing to watch Moving and eat, but if it comes with a
dukkha food cost payed by my dear, loving KS2, is it worth it? **

**Third mistake. Milk puffs + chocolate.**

**Clearly the obvious thing to do, if the gastric acid is too much - is
to eat a little meal. Brown rice, 1x yoghurt + puffs + other from your
imagination.**

**But milk is definitely a taxing choice.**

**And the quantity was definitely a taxing choice.**

**Left me so full that i immediatly turned to chocolate.**

**Now, be careful about the food.**

**I bought chips, puffy, clean yoghurts.**

**Step carefully.**

**Indulge but slowly and thoughtfully.**

**Did some moving, stretching and training in floresti park.**

**Some sets of push-ups and pull ups.**

**After 10 days rest.**

**Damn it feels good.**

**Worked. Delivered project.**

**Took a shower, went for a ride and little train in park. Little
shopping.**

**In certain parts of floresti (unavoidable towarsd my places) there is
such a bad quality air.. Dust.. pollution.**

**In the long term this must be addressed.**

**It is truly a shame to breath un-breathable air.**

**Cooked.**

**Corn & potatoes slowly becoming the basis of food.**

**What a dhamma combination for my genes.**

**Be careful how you approach today\'s food in corelation with stress,
work, masturbation.**

**Yes for sure you can masturbate and keep dhamma food, covid is a clear
example.**

**But step carefully.**

**Ammy managed to talk to Israel, he\'s asking for 80k for divorce.**

**Not ideal, but much better than before.**

**There is hope.**

**11 Oct -**

**The spark - Masturbation + some pepper chips.**

**Then got out of house for a ride/walk. With the clear purpose of
buying salt chips & yoghurt. The chase for pleasure of food.**

**But as i left, the purpose changed. I bought house things and many
other.**

**The dhamma-dukkha dance started again to happen.**

**Bought house things.**

**Cannot find salt chips. Still in lust and greatly fooled by the
trickster,**

**I Buy 3 pancakes from the across the street lady.**

**I think they\'re kinda natural, gonna eat them with cheese &
chocolate.**

**But i was already chasing the pleasure of food.**

**Eat pancakes with cheese - instantly dhamma. (white flour + yeast +
cheese + oil)**

**Instantly floods KS2 with dukkha.**

**Is it a surprise?**

**Eat chips + yoghurt - then the purpose of life slowly but surely
becomes about food. Eat. Eat. Eat.**

**The evening becomes a dance of eating and resting to eat more.**

**I lay in bed at 7:30 and i am fucking exhausted.**

**Heavy breathing and an extremely full stomach.**

**Wake up 3 times for water and last time watching Uncanny.**

**I don\'t feel that bad but definetly more affected than yesterday.**

**And yesterday definitely more affected than the day before.**

**So basically we had a dance of a 3-day period.**

**The cold - 3 dhamma-food days with good sleep, cultivating dhamma for
upcoming days**

**The after-cold - 3 days of more and more dukkha food, cultivating more
and more KS2 dukkha, beautifully the sleep reflected this.**

**Let the body\'s reach to continuous food you learned in sickness and
naturally applied - manifest.**

**Little, dhamma meals across the day.**

**- For sure that part of you who craves dukkha, food-induced dopamine
and others chemicals - will leave you feeling hungry.**

**This hunger cannot be filled in dhamma food.**

**It is that feeling of satisfied, but greatly hungry for type 2 food.**

**The trickster will do everything he can to get you to eat.**

**Will use the imagination of the Magician to come up with dukkha foods
disguised as good, neutral.**

**But really reflect on this.**

**When this dukkha food cycles begins, nothing is satisfying anymore.**

**Mind becomes multi-focused, KS2 is very upset, body is heavy, energy
is low.**

**For what? For a 10 minutes of watching something.**

**But it feeds on spiritual suffering greatly.**

**It is it\'s main fuel.**

**Return to dhamma food.**

**My heart is still upset with Ammy marriage status an possibilities.**

**I really don\'t know if it\'s possible in a sensitive time manner to
resolve it on my coming.**

**First meal of the day.. Wow. Brown rice + cream soup + cabbage.**

**10 Oct -**

**Haven\'t read in a while.**

**This always comes with a slight form of regret, as it is truly a pity
not to learn something, little bit, everyday.**

**But again, not reading creates a different timeline and therefore, the
return to reading different.**

**It is so much harder to keep dhamma food as the sickness leaves.**

**When sick, it was efortless. The well-being of kaya greatly surpassed
any pains and programming.**

**Its ok my friend, return to Dhamma food.**

**At any point there is the thought of a disruption followed by a
disruption, it is a new chance to study it.**

**9 Oct -**

**First wake-up - little walk and water - followed by yoghurt rice
puffs.**

**This slightly calmed the oversecretion of Acid of my dear KS2.**

**Talk with Ammy.**

**Marrying her to begin life with her comes with great challenges of
time and money.**

**The chances of it happening are not that great.**

**So.. pain.. Again to meet my love just as a holiday..**

**The spark - Big white chocolate + dare + more rice puffs.**

**Affected sleep but again the position and cultivated dhamma (not so
much as before) greatly aided.**

**5pm after long walk - fucking dained**

**Smoking and not even finishing the dhamma shake.**

**There is light. So there is knowledge.**

**Long-relaxing talk with mother, father, pelicanu.**

**I\'m drained.**

**After morning\'s dhamma meal, i feel hungry.**

**Body feels exhausted.**

**The spark: Masturbation + Oats cake + peanut butter + peanut butter
powder + milk.**

**Calzone pizza followed. Good but heavy.**

**Dare chocolate + milk followed. I Enjoyed it, but really heavy. Also
instantly washed teeth.**

**But i chose a sleeping position favoring this as much as i could.**

**And also a calm heart.**

**KS2 wake-up around 2:30. Glass of water, little in-house walk. Back to
sleep.**

**Morning wake-up around 7. Beautifully rested, with KS2 slightly
inflamed.**

**It all makes perfect sense.**

**Beware of the spark and everything.**

**KS2 was somewhat affected, but so much dhamma\'s been cultivated
before that it held.**

**Visa first name wrong cost me money, time and energy..**

**It also gave me something wonderful.**

**The ammy talk about this, as if i were her child.   **

**I do wrong.. but now can i still stay and love you mommy or have to go
to homework?**

**What a powerful symbol.**

**I have only met one such a kind woman in my life.**

**The first woman who loved everything in me. My granny.**

**Mamami.**

**I now undersand this part of her.**

**Mamami loved everytthing in me freely. The cheating, the doing of my
own bidding, just as I want to, everythiiing.**

**She loved unconditionally and was never angry at me.**

**These past days talked with Ammy regarding Tommy, our luke and other
hypothetical disscusions, beautifully reveal deep aspects of her.**

**Today\'s observation revealed the great similarity to Mamami.**

**How clear i\'ve been feeling since i met her that from all the girls
i\'ve met, it is her love that i\'d like most for my children.**

**She is the combination of my 2 moms. Mamami\'s kindness and
uncondotionally acceptance&encouraging&love and my mother\'s beautiful
sexuality, touch, smell, feminine seductive presence.**

**\"The Kali begins with this animal killing. That is Kali-yuga.
Meat-eating. Therefore, to avoid the influence of Kali we have to give
up this habit. The four things are Kali\'s disciple, friends. We have
already discussed this. So one friend is this meat-eating problem, the
butchers, Kali\'s friends. And the liquor distiller, he\'s also Kali\'s
friend. And the gamblers or the gambling house maintainer, and
prostitute house maintainer, these are friends of Kali. Now you will
find all over the world these things are very prominent--- clubs and
butcher house and liquor house and gambling house. Therefore the whole
atmosphere is Kali.\"**

**. . . Srila Prabhupada, 74/01/01 Lecture SB 01.16.04 Los Angeles**

**8 Oct - Recovery In Motion.**

**Met Geu at 12 and walked/waited around for 5 hours.**

**Very cold outside. After a while of walking outside i started feeling
more cold and fatigued.**

**But then adapted.. stopped for tea and slots, and food, and and
and\...**

**Body calmed down slowly so much that at 18.000 steps i decide to go
aid my brother Cosu.**

**There i stood again at the edge of Cluj towards home, with spinu
facing 2 choices.**

**1.Push through and go to Cosu**

**2.Go home and Play**

**The dhamma call from 1 was much stronger.**

**Cosu talk.**

**The natural/cheat/lawless approach to any danger.**

**Life with Ammy feels competely Dhamma.**

**Why keep searching when she is truly perfect? All i\'ve been searching
for.**

**And i really feel the call to give life. How beautiful.**

**I want to test out a few days - making a short video in the morning.**

**\"A conversation with the world\" - it should take much less time,
energy and eye-screen exposure than long posts.**

**And could be really something beautiful.**

**It would also allow much more content towards: stories, tiktok,
instagram, anything.**

**And keep the long posts at around 1 per week.**

**This seems as the efortless way.**

**The strength is coming back.**

**I stand mesmerized in front of Lacatus first singing of Eram tanar cu
speranta.**

**The freedom of life.. a simple man, singing and cheered by his
comrades**

**His body freely expressing everrything there is inside. The wrong
lyrics, the light switch, the shaking of the camera. Beautiful. This is
life.**

**and how it\'s lost when fame and money come into play.**

**How right is Herbal professor Hoffman.**

**I perfectly remember listenting to this song many years ago and
clearly choosing the second version - for better quality and what i
thought, experience.**

**Now, this is far from truth.**

**Told father and my friend also clearly chose the second one, as i did
many years ago.**

**You cannot see in others and vidoes parts you\'ve not yet
re-discovered in yourself.**

**What a good sleep until 4:30.**

**I wake and without looking i feel the hour.**

**I prepare my food.**

**There is dhamma in yesterday, although nothing special.**

**Just living by the dhamma - food, thoughts, actions.**

**7 Oct -**

**Eate bowl of white rice + fruits + honey at dinner.**

**Definetly not dhamma food, but still not extremely bad.**

**Slighy nausea, slight acid.**

**This further grew into some corn puffs and clean yoghurts.**

**Oh my god.. Ammy in certain lightings and angles looks like the best
wordly interpretation of my Image.**

**Hindu\'s described something similar to her as their Kali
mother-goddess.**

**Sexual energy. Energy of creation.**

**How beautiful that i\'ve had my great great battle and process of
knowing my image.**

**It perfectly resembles the Kali-mother goddess.**

**I feel not alone anymore.**

**In picture she just sent me, Ammy embodies the Kali-mother goddess
perfectly.**

**Its such a clear feeling. Which came to mind with another
realisation.**

**My image, my absolute ectasy in the libido scene, it most certantly
doesn\'t need to be young.**

**There is really no hold-backs into fully reaching extasy even in
30,40s looks.**

**Is shouldn\'t. It\'s more sexier. This offers a great comfort as even
in 15 years, she\'d still embody the peak of my image form.**

**The energy surrounding this woman is fucking ecstatic from this pov.**

**How powerfully she manipulated men, how she played them all her life,
how her body and reactions reflect this sexual goddess.**

**Feeling better and better.**

**Realized when coming up the stairs and once again.. felt like i was
flying.**

**Beautifully feel the addiction to nicotine & ganja, as i haven\'t
smoked in \~24h**

**But also the clinging to the idea and uncertainty of Geu..**

**I finally let go of any desires and there it was.. no Need for smoking
anymore.**

**Im not gonna go buy cigarretes or roll just tabacco.**

**And the moment i did this, it revealed. The grinder fine left-overs.**

**6 Oct -**

**Slept amazing.**

**First real good sleep in last days.**

**What a battle it was..**

**A lot of dukkha cultivated by the sun-dried tobacco left over from
morning.**

**Really a lot. Even the fucking pillow started smelling like it.**

**Kept snacking small portions to get over it but still persisted.**

**Greatly affected the state.**

**So in love with Ammy today.**

**Its really beautiful how after a period of \'fighting\', falling in
love emerges again.**

**The Yin and Yang. The inter-changing of time.**

**To be completely unchanged is utterly boring, no matter what u feel.**

**This falling in love greatly births the \"I\" - the no purpose in life
without her. This is beautiful, but unimaginably painful when i\'m not
with her.**

**Ah.. i waited so much for this moment of sitting outside.**

**Clean air. Light sun. Coffee. Spinu talk.**

**Cheers to Life.**

**How the breath followed the body\'s fight and stress.**

**It was a great battle.**

**Managed to sleep 2 hours, felt amazing.**

**Oh what a night.**

**Haven\'t been this sick in a long time.**

**So sick that i\'ve awakened at 00:49 and couldn\'t sleep until 5:30.**

**I cooked and when fever alchemy hit, thought about my Ammy.**

**Is really clear for me that i want to be with her.**

**I don\'t care about age. I want to build a family with this simple
lady.**

**How she lied about going to party because i was a bad boy and go
outside.**

**Just like with Tommy. She would never use force.. or shout.**

**But teach through white lies - i do something bad - she does something
bad.**

**It feels like coming from a place so full of love.**

**The only bridge remains visa & marriage - and futher, where to live
with her.**

**For these, no matter how important, there is no clear answer.**

**The fog will rise once i am there with her to learn about what true
family is.**

**Indeed the Romania love story was somewhat incomplete.**

**One idea would be to focus on Re-connect, but i that would also mean i
do it forcefully. - and therefore, is not Re-Connect anymore.**

**The other idea would be to quit my job for a while/take longer
sabatical leave?**

**What i thought of before, of changing my job, is growing further and
further away.**

**Because for sure it would mean a lot of energy and hours put into a
career i hate.**

**So completely quitting the corporate IT job reaveals more and more.**

**This would mean working on Re-Connect and possibly PurpleVibes.**

**Perhaps a talk with her would give more clarity.**

**But this kind of job would be the only one worth taking.**

**Fully focusing on re-connect would bring much pressure and lack of
available investments.**

**I feel so connected with the ever-changing envinronment.**

**There is a competely different body alchemy between the hours of the
night.**

**As morning approaches, life arises.**

**Took a break from Re-Connect.**

**There is a fog right now regarding Re-Connect\'s future and
direction.**

**Can do with Pelicanu, Can do alone, switch to english, make a
editorial plan, change message&approach, endless possibilities.**

**So let the fog be for now.**

**In the beautiful morning i realise the beauty of the world still goes
on without \"ME\".**

**This is somewhat terrifying.**

**5 Oct -**

**Tested positive for COVID.**

**Its clear that cosu ride had deflected some of the energy used for
healing towards movement & other stuff.**

**Especially the cold wind.**

**Ordered some marty canolli which had a lot of tomato sauce.**

**Cleaned some but still felt heavy.**

**I didn\'t enjoy the meal at all, with the body being so sick.**

**And neither the following puffs + yoghurt.**

**But the nose, the fever, the chest pain - were greatly over-writing
any stomach dukkha.**

**It becomes more and more clear how imperative is a healthy&calm body
and mind.**

**Cosu talk.**

**Realization of how beautiful old age is if you stay with your whole
family, create a tribe.**

**More and more contemplating in changing Re-Connect to english.**

**This smoothie is fucking amazing.**

**(Banana, pear, half soy protein, splash of coconut cream)**

**Oh shit, i haven\'t been this sick in years.**

**Tooth is definitely decayed and the wind + sickened body + virus -
greatly intensified it.**

**This needs to be addressed soon, regardless of sensations and fears.**

**The weakened body revealed a clear damage in teeth.**

**Further, cultivate dhamma food - quinch any food dukkha that had
allowed the virus to thrive.**

**Chamomile tea, Water, clean food, light movement, medical leave?.**

**Use the dhamma tools you currently posses to nourish the body and
fight together.**

**Next, address any thinking dukkha.**

**Resolve the medical leave and return to office on Monday. So the**

**Finally, once the body and mind become stable, breath can be
contemplated.**

**4 Oct -**

**Eate and rested and eate more.**

**The only purpose being to eat more.**

**After every meal i\'d feel the KS2 get more and more affected**

**And trying more and more to dellusionally calm it.**

**A body reaction to food excess seems to be flooded nose.**

**So this got worse and worse as the day progressed.**

**My tooth hurt more and more even tho i kept washing them.**

**At night it was clear. A virus had growned and nourished in my body.**

**A virus i\'ve caught perhaps yesterday - but body beautifully defended
it.**

**Although now it makes much more sense the tooth and stomach dukkha
that had affected my yesterday\'s sleep and dhamma day.**

**Still, the body defended it so beautiful that it was hardly noticed.**

**Until i derailed it from fighting the virus. Forcefully aimed it at
food dukkha and recovery from masturbation.**

**Focused him on extreme digestion, 2 masturbations.**

**The body was greatly weakned.**

**Now the virus can really thrive.**

**Oh and it did.**

**Awful tooth pain, throat pain, head and running/flooded nose.**

**So bad that it made the mind completely ignore back and stomach
discomfort.**

**This shows that they\'re not as bad as i thought they were.**

**As i laid in bed at night i kept reflecting on Bechamp vs LePasteur
debate.**

**The powerful and wise bull in Bhikku\'s teachings.**

**The thought that just by the slightly constant over-eating in the
second part of the day, which was not even that great food dukkha,**

**I could have caused this excrutiating body hurting,**

**Was terrifying.**

**How could i really create all of these?**

**Well, They\'re both right.**

**I did catch a virus and beautifully fought it until i gave up fighting
it.**

**But the real pain was when dukkha had started to arise, more and more,
in kaya.**

**Once this happened more and more, the envinronment started turning
more nad more into dukkha, into acid, a beautiful home for the virus my
body was fighting.**

**Then dukkha thoughts started arising, from fear of disease, to work
stress, more work stress about not being able to work and having
pressure.**

**Everything.**

**Now what i Eat and Think are oriented 100% towards disease. Fueling
it.**

**If anything was there, it now had the perfect conditions to grow and
damage the body.**

**All in all, things cannot be taken as absolutes regarding last 2 days
of KS2 & food dukkha/dhamma.**

**Relax. Heal.**

**The Uncanny counter - what a symbolic beginning of season 2 - the
purpose is enjoyment of the viewer.**

**The family party picnic energy.**

**How wholesome, how much i'd like to partake it.**

**Image in Ammy fits perfectly.**

**I've never seen such a goddess.**

**Went for a short ride, came back with a lot of food. Nothing too
high-dukkha tho.**

**This is a powerful relaxation mechanism, lets see.**

**Could last night be influenced by body's reaction to "Last meal" -
concept ?**

**Such a relief feels to arrive home with all this freedom of food.**

**Mapped out Floresti stejarului edge for plants: daisy, marigold,
nettles.**

**Preparing food.**

**Day\'s main food (brown rice + simple vegetables cream soup with
hemp&chia)**

**Day\'s main smoothie (banana + frozen berries + pea protein + splash
of milk)**

**Before the dhamma food begins, food is prepared and waiting in a clean
kitchen.**

**This is the real meal prep.**

**Done in the morning for the upcoming day.**

**What a meal. Panzanni brown rice + simple vegetables cream soup with
salt, pepper, hemp and chia seeds.**

**A truly complex meal.**

**One of the most dhamma meals i know to present day.**

**3 Oct -**

**A day worth studying.**

**Regarding external world and connections to KS2,**

**Ammy and relationship to her feeling amazing.**

**One thing i later found that she was very sick from drinking too
much.**

**Slept awfully with a very triggered KS2, teeth, nausea, disturbed
sleep, restless.**

**Morning 8 am - coffee & reflections**

**Recovering and slowly getting to 90-100% body functionality.**

**First meal 12 pm - Simple light fruits**

**Continuing the dhamma food.**

**Second meal 1 pm - Rice & vegetables with frozen peas (not good)**

**Eate to hara hachi bu.**

**Peas felt off but overall the meal was amazing.**

**Third meal 4pm - Some cold brew (bad) + Flat white**

**Feeling amazing in my body. 15.000 steps walk.**

**At the end of the walk, around 5pm, stomach started to feel
nauseated.**

**Gastric acid started pumping - repecting the already written
programming.**

**First big mistake - summing up a total of 4 shots of espresso, great
coffe**

**Fourth meal 7pm - 3x plain yoghurt with 80g breadsticks.**

**Eate Slightly passs hara hachi bu.**

**Felt good while eating and after. Perhaps stop at 2? But i was really
hungry, i felt as my caloric intake was in a great deficit.**

**Blessed this as the last meal of the day.**

**Respecting the programming, urged to keep snacking.**

**Some corn flakes were a quick answer.**

**But held. Carved a lightsaber and easily cut down the desire, the
programming.**

**Sleep 9:30 pm -**

**Stomach started secreting gastric acid, but there was no food.**

**My tooth hurt badly.**

**I lay down in living with stomach started to feel a little more
inflamed.**

**Little corn flakes with milk thought perists like a kind of calming
down mechanism.**

**But is it?**

**Most nights no, some nights yes.**

**I suddently contemaplate and feel the illusion of \"I\". The game. How
serioulsy i took it. And in the process, let go of it. See it as just
the illusion.**

**I fall asleep and wake up at 23:40 from the dream of the burglar
dominating me, the scene of him cooking in my kitchen and me being
afraid and hesitating to fight him.**

**It\'s cold and my stomach is much more inflamed now. It feels like it
kept secreting gastric acid but there was no food coming. Tooth**

**In this state of negative bodily sensations and emotional ones coming
from the dream into the cold, there is an automatic response.**

**Eat.**

**And keep eating.. 1L of milk & cereals and a rafaelo. Somehow each
time i managed to convince myself that i\'ll feel better afterwards.**

**But felt more and more full, more stuffed.**

**The Kali-mother Goddess.**

**If you can create full complex words, goddesses and whole realms with
your mind, can you not create the sword necessary to bring these down
?**

**Al things originate in the Mind.**

**2 Oct -**

**Some powerful dukkhas unfold with Ammy games - which i later
partook.**

**She dreamed of me and Jane.**

**This little beautiful heart.. How much she loves me.**

**And how much i love her.**

**Oh so the right glute soreness was from kickstarting the scooter.**

**Tried again today unsuccessfully and allowed life to unfold.**

**1 Oct -**

**Get home and eat 2 yoghurts and some pistachios.**

**It\'s slightly over hara hachi bu, but it\'s already 5 pm and it makes
sense to eat for energy.**

**Go to Lavinia. Beautiful time, talk, hug, walk.**

**Very lovingly, but not.. sexually ? i\'m not sure how to put it.**

**Order some chinese food in park but hate it at first bite.**

**Wisdom in action is strong enough to throw it.**

**Drive to Cora and eat shangai chicken squatted outside on the grass.**

**A totally different experience..**

**Throat and breath seem much more affected by food than smoke.**

**(Not to discredit smoking)**

**Bandaging the wrong finger.**

**The one who felt only the echos of pain. Realizing only later.**

**Dear granny expresses her emotions of love and missing towards me in
her simple way:**

**\"Ei da scump esti la vedere!\"**

**Dear granny..**

**30 Sept -**

**Getting home, masturtabing and going slightly over hara hachi bu.**

**There is slight dukkha cultivated in KS2. Just slight.**

**I go to central park. First, i suck it with a bad coconut milk choice
for my frappe which made me throw it at 70% (should have thrown it after
a few sips).**

**An intense conversation with Ammy unfolds, which is about to trigger
great emotions in both.**

**All started with a stupid picture in bar lie - saying jokefully i\'m
home.**

**And she stating clearly that it\'s a lie and she\'s not stupid.**

**I do it because she does it too very often.**

**Kiki also reflects some of his dukkha.**

**Ammy forcefully \'drops\' the stupid act going on and on about how
she\'s not stupid.**

**About how she reads and plays men and how she presumebly knows and
reads me.**

**Maybe it\'s because i love her same like my mother, that this deeply
affects me.**

**Because it\'s so obvious she doesn\'t SEE me.**

**But the projection of me in her eyes.**

**And this.. as written before, is the most primal criteria to filter
people - and more - girls into my life.**

**She ends with a long message then runs to sleep.**

**Emotionally, as mother said, each of us are the hero of our own
life.**

**In the process of showing who i am, i greatly discredit this part of
her.**

**Of course she is going to be triggered.**

**I start eating corn chips while constantly thinking and checking the
phone.**

**I want to talk about this, i urge to make her see my truth.**

**Eat 150g corn chips - i am well past hara hachi bu - and done so with
somewhat dukkha food.**

**This can clearly be observed.**

**I continue to eat the \'real\' food, which i already imaniged, felt,
craved, clinged and finally - become - birthing the \"I\".**

**Patticasamuppada.**

**So i continue eating milk cereals - already i\'m full of dukkha.**

**Chocolate next.. half.**

**Wait for a while because i am too full.**

**But i wait only clinging to the upcoming food. This is the only focus
of the mind now.**

**And it follows. More cereals. Rest of chocolate.**

**Fuck. Imense quantity of food upon immense feelings.**

**A heavy sleep awaits.**

**Sleep good but with a heavy KS2 for 5 hours.**

**Wake up at 2.**

**KS2 dukkha is around 7.5/10.**

**Something beautiful happens after 2 hours.**

**I manage to beautifully connect to KS and calm it to sleep.**

**Not just by quantity of air and length - but going deeper. Being the
air.**

**Something similar happened in the beginning of my KS2 sufferings in
Ludus.**

**An amazingly resting sleep followed until 7.**

**Awakened rested but to a dukkha-filled KS2.**

**I\'m sorry my love.**

**All in all, the biological part of the body striving to spin around
maintenance calories must be taken into consideration.**

**If i am to eat a light last meal and after 6-7pm, start preparing the
body for sleep,**

**i either have to eat much more in the first half part of the day**

**Or accept and deal with the fact that i\'m going on underfeeding and
will lose weight.**

**From this point of view, i have been doing it half-harted.**

**Gym dukkha.**

**Quickly recognized it and quinched.**

**Ended up playing football in park with father and 2 sons.**

**Beautiful.**

**29 Sept -**

**Evening came and after masturbating and eating Taste of asia, i\'m
left in a checkmate-like state.**

**(after also eating one yoghurt with grisines - to cool off the
spicynes haha)**

**Not excess, but hara hachi bu is slightly passed.**

**What the fuck do I do ?**

**I have energy and life force, but walking around is bound to great
pollution.**

**Watching movies feels, as conditioned, restless.**

**What can i do then?**

**Cosu talk.**

**Amazing how he'd enjoy life just as much by simply moving the mouse
around without purpose.**

**Talking with Bhikku at different points in time, talking to Jung,
reflecting.**

**How alike they aproach life.**

**Jung talks about the 2 different kinds of thinking:**

**Phantasy/Dream thinking (relaxing, charging, flowing)**

**- And Critical thinking (tiresome, purpose-oriented, achieving)**

**Good morning.**

**More and more i like to talk with granny. She still has many teachings
to teach. In her simple way.**

**I see now that her anger towards \"new\" generations is not related to
me and therefore does not trigger me.**

**But relates to something bigger.**

**To what Bhikku talked about.**

**The modern man madness for power. For money.**

**Trading the wise bull for the strong one.**

**28 Sept -**

**Is it a surprise that KS2 got upset from this meal?**

**Compare your grandma instinctual amount to yours (she eate 3x less).**

**A good, but very taxing meal for a sensible digestive system.**

**Long slow cooking of Indian food. Beautiful experience.**

**I eate simple good food today, enjoyed a long walk, talked with father
and my Ammy. With girls and people. Moved. Trained.**

**Simply,I freely expressed life.**

**Dhamma day. Beautiful.**

**Admiting and praising the stronger guy today in the park. Gg. I will
return.**

**The body ability to heal - The greatest AI ? The only AI.**

**Pointed towards survival.**

**More and more i feel the \"I\" is nothing but.. evolution.**

**Tracing to the beginnings of life (both on earth and to the beginnings
of the universe), everything seems like the roll of dices on a big
board.**

**Somewhere on this big board, a rock hit a bigger rock at a certain
speed and the big rock started spinning.**

**Thousands of ramifications later, water developed. Life developed in
thousands of species.**

**With the only purpose being survival.**

**So it started consuming the envinronment, learning, unfolding in
millions of species.**

**27 Sept -**

**Slept really good, with slight KS2 discomfort.**

**Mostly, the past day food looked like this:**

**1st (1pm) - eggplants mix + vegetables from mother garden with some
cheese and fried bread. (felt amazing afterwards - 9 on Dhamma food
scale)**

**2nd (6pm)- 80g grisine + 2 honey yoghurts (very slight excess - 7)**

**3rd (8pm) - Milk + corn puffs & Chocolate granola (slight excess &
processed granola - 5-6 )**

**With only slight excess and a positive score overall + avoiding
horizontal back position - a pretty good sleep followed.**

**With a short break at 2am, totalling 9 hours and powerful, connected -
dreams.**

**KS2 was only slightly upset.**

**What i would experiment more with - cultivating an earlier last meal -
while conciously and unconciously reprogramming the body not to start
secreting gastric acid at night.**

**This and keep training hara hachi bu - along with my dhamma food list
across the periods.**

**26 Sept -**

**As evening unfolded, i had something to do. Talk with Ciupe.**

**This disrupted the food chain programming.**

**There are 2 ways of overcoming it.**

**Stopping at vedana.**

**Doing something else.**

**Beautiful and powerful 4-5 dreams.**

**The pool party, the rooftop girl, father.**

**Sleeped in living room, what a different energy. My house. Plants,
clear air, comfortable floor.**

**Slept so good despite the KS2 upseting.**

**What made me go beyond the first eating ?**

**What created the craving, clinging and finally becoming?**

**It feels like it all started with feeling.**

**The feeling of both mental and physical exhaustion.**

**Vedana.**

**Craving a painless state quickly followed and the only anwer my mind
could think of was eating.**

**Craving. Tahna.**

**Clinging quickly followed, as the mind could not think of anything
else but eating more and more.**

**Clinging. Upanada.**

**Becoming was, as my friend Bhikku says, unavoidable at this point.
Giving in to eating, regardless of consequences.**

**Becoming. Bhava.**

**A beautiful experience of the birth of \"I\".**

**Bhikku talks about how the only point it can be stopped is before
Vedana or immediately after.**

**25 Sept -**

**Finish writing and i\'m truly exhausted, both body and mind.**

**Plan that i\'ll focus on work and house for a few days (for now).**

**Re-connect is stagnating and in this i realise what a powerful
addiction social media can be.**

**Eat some milk with rice puffs and yoghurts.**

**All i can think about is eating more and more.**

**Barely make a walk and buy kitkat (trickster pointed to yesterday good
sleep)**

**And the dessert of my peak worst days: the mega image waffles.**

**I eat those with milk.**

**Wow.. how heavy the stomach got.**

**My dear KS2 - hurt so badly.**

**Powerful session with Cosu ending in between the realms walk.**

**This thing reffered to as \"I\", is it evolution?**

**The peak of evolution.**

**With only one purpose.**

**Consume the envinroment. As optimal for survival as possible. And as
enjoyable as possbile.**

**Any attempt to own the envinronemnt through one or more senses,
instantly becomes suffering.**

**The birth of \"I\'.**

**There were 6 senses.**

**But across all these species with similar envinronment inputs, we
developed the ultimate tool.**

**The ultimate cheat of this envinronment. Becoming aware of it. Knowing
it to it\'s absolute detail.**

**Study it until we can control it, bend it more and more. - but not
even close to completely manipulate it**

**Consuming the envinronment then becomes owning the envinronment.
Selfishness, greed, hiding, \"I\", \"Mine\", \"my son\", ..**

**But as my friend Liberman says, everything in evolution comes with
trade off.**

**So, then, this magnificent one in a trilion chance of life becoming
concious and giving evolution the ultimate \'cheat\' -**

**also gives it the trade-off of the great spiritual suffering - the
\"I\".**

**And across all these consumed inputs, one started to paint the picture
of owning.**

**A name. At that point, there were no longer happenings across all the
system consuming the environment, but there was a separation.**

**First, the separation of me from everything else outside me.**

**Further, endless separations of \"I\" in different humans.**

**What separates people then, why are they so many blinded by this
\"I\", \"mine\" ?**

**Well, that\'s a conversation with my friend Bhikku.**

**But his era of teachings couldn\'t predict of comprehend 2 major
aspects.**

**The processed food evolution - and the phone - the constant reminder
of \"I\".**

**I have truly felt the power of it, the suffering from this constant
reminder of \"I\", \"mine\".**

**Bought plane ticket.**

**Got so lost in future imaginings that i almost missed the old lady
struggling with bags.**

**Ammy told me that she'd lost my baby lady night.**

**I did eat two big rounds (but not huge excess)**

**Half pizza + 2 yoghurts**

**After 3 hours eate kit-kat chocolate and more milk&puffs.**

**But slept amazing. 8-9 hours. Rested well.**

**What\'s worth mentioning is that i believe the sleep position was
mostly side-lying - not back lying or stomach.**

**24 Sept -**

**Walk with Rachita and our arguments left me with a heavy heart (and
body already had).**

**How is it not clear that there was no free thinking, but only the
springing from his pains and sufferings.**

**And how much it pained me - witnessing his dellusions.**

**Got home with yoghurts and ordered pizza.**

**Can i make a prediction ?**

**About over-eating and sleeping/awakening with a troubled KS2.**

**Almost efortlessly respected dhamma food vision yesterday.**

**(Still the controlling was there)**

**Yet as suspected, it is not complete at night.**

**I am awakened at 4:20 by a heavy thunder, vibrating like the beginning
of the universe.**

**I feel a somewhat heavy stomach.**

**In the idea that the caloric intake was in great deficit yesterday, i
rush to eat some puffs, vegetables and grapes.**

**Bad idea.**

**KS2 gets more upset.**

**So what happened ?**

**Well, could be many things.**

**Granny potatoes, The shot of milk right before, Ammy feeling bad and
in pain, the neural wiring to start secreting gastric acid at 21-22 (and
now not using it for digestion), the dukkha food echos from the past
days.**

**Need to keep studying.**

**Need to keep polishing my dhamma food list.**

**23 Sept -**

**Another kind of Transformation video editing 4 hours.**

**Sitzfleisch.**

**Lets create a food vision for today:**

**Purpose - dhamma SLEEP, calm KS2 and KS during the day, dhamma life
force (both body&mind)**

**11-12 - One Apple & apricots**

**12-14 - One big serving of rice + vegetables**

**16-17 - little fruit shake + little orange juice**

**19 - Mamami potatoes + egg whites**

**22 - Little shot of milk&puffs**

**A new day.**

**Morning preparation of food.**

**The obvious plan is to get back to my dhamma food list.**

**But is it complete ?**

**How am i to deal with the caloric deficit and low protein intake?**

**Are they both myths ?**

**Will i keep my strength and muscles on this kind of diet ?**

**And how do i re-write the watching dota/tv series while eating
pattern?**

**For now, i feel a break from diary is asked by kaya.**

**22 Sept -**

**A second time great lesson at cosu not to break pattern.**

**Charged with great dukkha from all sides.**

**As i left, things started to calm down.**

**Any dukkha that arises instantly triggers the brain-food response.**

**Which only further triggers it. Its fascinating (and making it truly
hard to re-write.)**

**As i stood in his apartment and driving there - i felt pain from
envinronment, pollution, Ammy asking me money (vedana)**

**It quickly developed into craving a painless state - which i knew best
how to do by flawed experience through food&masturbation (tanha -
craving)**

**Utmost immediately Clinging had arisen. (Upanada)**

**Becoming (Bhava) was unavoidable at this point.**

**It appearead i had calmed down until reaching home, but the home
envinronment quickly re-triggered it.**

**Got tricked again.**

**Tried milk + bio brown rice puffs (5-6 on dhamma food scale)**

**And grisines + yoghurt (\~5-6 on dhamma food scale).**

**And more milk, and little chocolate.**

**GG trickster.**

**It seems that the higher a food is placed on dhamma food scale, the
stronger is hara hachi bu delayed.**

**I have still yet to learn what food hugs the night.**

**Still have to write new patterns, which proves extremely difficult.**

**If i fast until 13-14 - and then eat little dhamma meals - i end up in
extreme caloric deficit.**

**Is it not natural the body will trigger a huge caloric intake response
?**

**And even if i\'m no longer lost in the high protein dellusion, i
cannot contest the importance of some protein in my diet. (perhaps
70-80g)**

**How then, can i nurture this concept, if both meat and diary feel low
?**

**The answer lies with the magician.**

**21 Sept -**

**Stressed so much about skipping school at work.**

**Body and mind are tired.**

**Watching everyone in the meeting room and observing their breaths.**

**AMazing. Short, heavy breaths.**

**Replicating their breathing patterns reveals an extraordinary amount
of stress, both body and mind.**

**GOt home and Eate tofu noodles. (reached hara hachi bu)**

**Wisdom in action was not strong enough to overcome the hunger, stress
and body exhaustion.**

**Eate 2 yoghurts with grisines (slightly over hara hachi bu)**

**Now the stomach is over-full and all bodily and mind sings are
pointing towards the instant \'solution\' - eating more.**

**Air outside is polluated and don\'t feel like walking.**

**Later Eate milk with corn&banana (definitely not good for me)**

**and later with rice puffs (the milk+rice puffs felt easy).**

**20 Sept -**

**Conference day.**

**Beautiful leading the group.**

**And damn.. the Art Of Game unfolding efortless.**

**Ammy is very upset and talks about her struggles and being alone.**

**Tommy sick and hospital, she feeling sick and tired.**

**Her mindset and life philosophy makes me greatly doubt she is the one
for me at this time.**

**(1st Dukkha )**

**The second meal was clearly way over Hara Hachi Bu.**

**Way over. Pasta - fried chicken - banana chocolate**

**(2nd Dukkha )**

**At home i bought dare + biscuits - took one tiny bite and didn\'t feel
like eating more. Well done my friend.**

**But i eate milk & cereals (kaufland protein).**

**(3rd Dukkha)**

**The envinronment in which it was cooked in must also be noticed. A
money-driven envinronment with numb people.**

**All together woke me up with a very upset KS2 at 5 am.**

**Rested, but tired.**

**I\'m sorry, my love.**

**There was not enough wisdom in action.**

**The KS2 well-being follows the principle of A Single Drop Of Water.**

**Is it the first step to Dhamma.**

**Second is the breath. If KS2 is filled with dukkha, KS (breath)
becomes numb and heavy.**

**This must always be respected.**

**19 Sept -**

**Mother\'s Day.**

**Woke up second time beautifully rested at 8.**

**Counted how many breaths the rice making takes - 7.**

**Dhamma morning - work - cook - walk - reconnect.**

**A \>moderate serving of nuts followed by 2x late night cereals + \"fun
fighting\" with Ammy which she took very seriously - unfolded a troubled
sleep and KS2.**

**18 Sept -**

**At 19 i get some extremely exhausted.**

**Pelicanu calls me and i want to hang up fast and keep eating.**

**But we keep talking half hour.**

**Over-eat so so and sleep of course, affected.**

**Fulll Dhamma day until getting home at 19.**

**17 Sept -**

**Dhamma evening with my brother.**

**As night came and i did not like the movie, some over-eating
happened.**

**But there was so much dhamma cultivated the day before. IKIGAI.**

**So much that despite the 5 hour sleep and waking up at 3:50, i was
fresh.**

**Walked, worked, trained.**

**Beautiful.**

**"Cum iti spune lumea?" - talk**

**A stranger looks at me and smiles .**

**I'm confused.**

**He has a lovely energy.**

**"Re-connect, nu ?" - he continues**

**🙏❤️**

**"Da" - as i lovingly wave back.**

**".. 👍👍 te urmaresc !"**

**Gabriela approach.**

**The huge social concept regarding sex and cheating.**

**The falling chest-nut moment.**

**Dhamma morning, a lot of work done.**

**Message is spreading.**

**Ammy angried me as she wants to open a bar right at her house.**

**The thought of how blinded she is by money makes me take back the
child.**

**"Selling" the very clean envinronmental breath of her childs (and
mine) for more money.**

**To sell alcohol in a filthy, loud, toxic place right outside her
house.**

**She is not ready for my child.**

**"Hai inapoi tati. Daca vrei doar 🤗 "**

**I am both extremely in love with the scenario of both her being
pregnant and not being.**

**With rain or sun.**

**Mamami is much wiser than me at times - realised when bad talked about
danezu and she did not fuel it. - there is still much to learn from her
ways.**

**Take deep concepts, not the people language unfolding.**

**16 Sept -**

**Masturbate looking at her pregnant pictures and at the video of us
having loving sex.**

**O my god, my Ammy looks so fucking pregnant.**

**My heart is filled in ecstatic wholeness and echos of the terrifying
"commitment" - as in kid's lifestyle due to logistics - not about my
freedom or true love towards Ammy.**

**But oh shit, seeing her body look so pregnant is amazing. My dick gets
hard.**

**I just want to be there and hold her.**

**The floresti park experience with the "grown-ups".**

**Tiktok promote is fucking crazy.**

**Reach is 50x higher than facebook.**

**Conversions remain to be seen, but i'd really not know any more dhamma
purpose for spending my money towards - other than spreading my life
philosophy for a better world.**

**The snail experience.**

**15 Sept -**

**Dhamma meeting with mother at grandmother.**

**They are so alike. I see them beyond my clinging and attachment.**

**Its beautiful. Its whole.**

**Oh shit.. what a night followed.**

**Met Cosu and he was filled with dukkha from work.**

**Then went at Pelicanu - and back pain quickly arisen due to
envinronment: cold floor, uncomfortable chairs, social binded apartment,
etc.**

**Road home was accompanied by a heavy rain. It was truly beautiful.**

**It calmed, but drained me.**

**As i stood in his apartment - i felt pain (vedana)**

**It quickly developed into craving a painless state - which i knew best
how to do by flawed experience through food (tanha - craving)**

**Utmost immediately Clinging had arisen. (Upanada)**

**Becoming (Bhava) was unavoidable at this point.**

**So i get home and even before finding about Ammy\'s dukkha, i begin to
eat heavy-burdened dukkha food.**

**On the other side of the world, my Ammy was having
heartbreaking-suicidal thoughts. She tells me vaguely about it before
going to sleep.**

**This impacted unconciousnessly(before finding out) and
conciousnessly(after finding out and proceeding to sleep).**

**I continued eating - until almost completely full. Panemar sandwich +
100g chocolate.**

**So heavy.. So much dukkha on my dear KS2, especially 1 hour before
sleep.**

**Oh and what a heavy night followed.**

**I\'m sorry my love.**

**14 Sept -**

**Heart-wood from the Bo Tree - Buddhasa Bhikku**

**One of the methods of wiping out the disease, the single handful of
what buddhist teachings are is Paticassamuppada. (The process of
dependent origination)**

**In the fields of practice, it becomes just a andful of things to know
and observe.**

**When there is contact with form, odors, flavors, thoughts, inner
organs vibrations - or whatever at one of sense-doors -**

**That contact is called Phassa.**

**Phassa develops into vedana (feeling)**

**Vedana develops into tanha (craving)**

**Tanha develops into upanada (clinging)**

**Upadana develops into bhava (becoming)**

**Bhava develops into jati, which is \"birth\", and following on from
birth there is suffering, sickness, death - which are Dukkha.**

**If there are these sorts of desires and clinging in the mind, it means
that vedana has already developed into Tanha.**

**If so, then you must suffer from the spiritual disease of Dukkha, and
nobody can help.**

**All the gods together cannot help. The Buddha said that even He cannot
help. He has no power over the laws of nature, He is merely the one who
reveals them to people so that they can practice in accordane with
them.**

**13 Sept -**

**Cooked green beans with my usual food.**

**Hara hachi bu felt after 1 plate.**

**Hara hachi bu must be defined not only by quantity, but also by
allignement of food.**

**So, hara hachi bu for pistachios can be \~40g**

**Because of the green beans which felt heavier on KS2, it was felt
after 1 plate.**

**The other half-plate made KS2 slightly heavy, but easily ignorable.**

**Then eate grisines + yoghurts.**

**Hara hachi bu was after around 60g grisines and 2 clean yoghurt.**

**Pushing it slightly with the protein pudding again made KS2 slightly
heavy, but ignorable.**

**Also talk with Lavinia about her issues burdened me with dukkha.**

**Met Rachita.**

**Smoked the ciggare from yesterday, which was humidified by the night
and drained again by sun.**

**This bio-chemistry was very damaging. Also, as known from before,
smoking after 17pm brings dukkha.**

**Combined with a Vanilla Bean frappe, it set the place for a truly
heavy KS2 and KS2.**

**Got home and all i knew to do was eat yoghurt and milk cereals, in
attempt to quinch the arised dukkha.**

**Eate pretty much and KS2 was 6/10 affected - waking me up at 3 and
following into a heavy morning.**

**It makes perfect sense.**

**Dreamt a heavy dream about school & work.**

**Lesson:**

**The combination of Dhamma Food + Hara hachi Bu offers a loving,
peaceful envinronment for both KS2 and KS.**

**(Stomach and breathing - the 2 great pillars of human life.)**

**Now there is a tricky part in My current eating patterns -**

**Starting to eat at 12-13 - Following small, clean meals will end up
fullfilling 50-60% of my daily calories.**

**Because of an active lifestyle, there remains a lot of energy to be
compensated.**

**This is beyond any emotional eating, beyond and conditioning.**

**A basic bio-chemical need.**

**12 Sept -**

**Eat half pep&pepper than a lot of milk and cereals across 2 hours.**

**Still, it\'s like I eat it together with KS2. I have a feeling i will
sleep good, well, with little to no nausea.**

**And so it happens.**

**Cosu Visit.**

**Very beautiful reflections.**

**He also changes and learns more.**

**Neck and KS somewhat inflamed tonight.**

**Smoking + walk in pollution + stressed/heavy ks2 state.**

**11 Sept -**

** **

**Brown rice + corn didn\'t feel so good today.**

**Followed by banana + pb.**

**First bite tells you all you need to know about a food.**

**But it requires a great strength of character to listen.**

**Ariana\'s dream, talk and reflections carried me through both positive
and negative waves of emotions.**

**Also masturbated somehwere along the afternooon.**

**Meeting with Rachita and walk both calmed and consumed me.**

**In this state.**

**Also smoking was done in excess. The 4pm smoking + 7 pm smoking really
affected KS.**

**The attained frequency made me resort to chips + yoghurt (little over
moderate)**

**+ Milk and cereals**

**Although at the end i felt full but very satisfied.**

**The food carried dukkha tho, both in composition and in time of
consuming.**

**This lead to a good but affected KS2 during the night.**

**10 Sept -**

**Chicken curry was very bad - noticed it right away but persisted in
delussion.**

**Ended the meeling feeling very heavy and the instant neuronal
programming was to cover that up.**

**How? More food my friend.**

**Right after the meal eate the chia pudding yoghurt - This made me feel
better but also took me way over the point of excess.**

**Edited yesterday\'s video.**

**For me, even tho it don\'t seem to have much engagement - it
wonderfully decribes the experience of me.**

**What more can i ask for..**

**I\'m drained and contemplating what to eat.**

**I order Taste of Asia on Garbau. Ride to pick up.**

**Beautiful realisation of how lurks just around the corner, waiting to
be lived, experienced.**

**Call with Ammy. Not seen her in a long time.**

**It hurts. It feels like loving her half-hearted, just the image of
her - not the sound, scents, interchanging face.**

**Loving her is truly beautiful, but no more than a flower.. or a
child\'s laughter.**

**It also hurts badly, having love dangling in front of me but not being
able to touch it.**

**When i am without, i live a life full hearted.**

**When i am with, i love her full hearted.**

**Who says it can\'t be so ?**

**More wisdom in action shopping at carrefour - still bought some
grisines and chips tho.**

**Let\'s see.**

**9 Sept -**

**Fulfilling one of my dreams. Climb at mid-night.**

**Beyond emotional and neural programming, there is also bio-chemically
programming.**

**My body tends to start producing a lot of gastric acid around 7-8-9.**

**This is a pattern which also requires noticing and afterwards,
adaptation.**

**8 Sept -**

**Ahhh.. wow.**

**What an amazing sleep. I vaguely remember the last time i\'ve awaken
to a fully rested, healthy feeling body - and not e bforced to get up
earlier due to an upset stomach.**

**I did today. Woke up at 6 and cooked for an hour for the upcoming
day.**

**Vision and Preparation for the day is key.**

**Life is beyond beautiful.**

**Fate had it that KS2 did not like the beans.**

**But i was craving food, craving energy.**

**I prepare gladiator food.**

**I notice the Hara hachi bu for my dear KS2 but the cravings and hunger
paired with exhaustion made me pass it.**

**(the spark)**

**The neural chains begin - but there also is some dhamma way of eating
present.**

**I go for a ride and to vivo - and after circling around many times and
in a great yet peaceful struggle, i leave it with the plan to eat
bread + avocado + cheese + olive oil.**

**Also get chips and corn cereals.**

**I convince myself that i will not over-eat.**

**(second spark)**

**I get home - smoke with yoPro yoghurt - go to bed and want to
masturbate - start eating bread.**

**Hara hachi bu is clouded by the white bread - i feel it around after 2
and a half pieces.**

**I eat 4.**

**I\'m so full that it begins to cultivate dukkha.**

**What\'s the neural path begin read? The program runs towards an
familiar purpose:**

**Eat more. Now to calm (actually numb) the body and KS2.**

**Eat chips & yoghurt.**

**Eat corp chips, pb bread with milk -**

**(third spark)**

**I get bored of eating and find purpose in going for a walk to get some
choco choco (something light i say)**

**Get back with again, the clear realisation of how refreshing a short
walk is.**

**Eat 30g of chocolate with some milk but feel it will harm.**

**The knowledge in action is strong enough.**

**Body slowly prepares for sleep.**

**(sleep)**

**KS2 wakes me up at 3:30. She\'s upset. She\'s inflamed.**

**Not so hard, but definitely heard.**

**I contemplate about dreams and life.**

**I get up to drink water and eat a little bit of corn chips, in the
hope that it will absord some of the gastric acid.**

**In about 1 hour fall asleep again with a heavy stomach.**

**It all makes perfect sense.**

**7 Sept -**

**Ahh\... shit.**

**KS2 wakes me up at 5am very upset. I\'m sorry my love.**

**How much dukkha i put upon you..**

**Return to my dhamma food.**

**6 Sept -**

**A lot of work. Its ok, flowed beautifully but drained me.**

**Gave into eating too much and too heavy.**

**The spark being peanuts -\> more food -\> craving like a madman -\>
influenced pep&pepper friend chicken choice -\> starbucks coffee -\>
milk cereal -\> more pasta until very full around 9pm.**

**Its only natural what followed.**

**Sleep from 10PM to 11pm in room, then effortlessly moved to bed.**

**Woke around 5:55 - exactly moments before KS2 got upset. I knew that
embracing my past shadows as a man would be to get up and begin the
day - but still with the intuition to sleep for a little while.**

**So i got up half-hearted - drank water, wash teeth and went back to
bad.**

**KS2 instantly triggered in lay down position, made me get in my ass
after a few minutes.**

**5 Sept -**

**Meet and talk with Pelicanu.**

**I will walk alone in Re-Connect for a while, but with my brother
behind me.**

**We both already made that decision in our hearts.**

**But the brotherhood.. unshaken.**

**Just as Cosu talks about Bubu.**

**Its evening and Im hungry.**

**Not compulsively, but hungry. I slowly eat and cereals and feel with
each bite inflaming my dear KS2.**

**Right here and now and seemed to be the case for the last days/weeks,
milk and ks2 are not alligned at night.**

**The back extensions felt really good - especially later that day on my
scooter.**

**4 Sept -**

**Oh what a night.**

**Woke up at 3 to inertia - coming back from a dream about my past best
friends symbol (sfara, victor) - how they were all holding me back from
my true potential and how every-time it ended.**

**The more i grew, the more real connections i seem to get, but the same
formula applies ? 🤔**

**With canu is different because he is by far the one who i connected
most deeply and furthermore, we commited to bussiness.**

**Along with a little playful fight with Amny, but still one that
affected both out sleeps.**

**So ks2 is more and more affected as i lat down and think.**

**This was also combined with the milk cereals meal + stomach pressure
sleeping position.**

**At about 4 i rise in a sitting position and breath. Its calming.**

**I lay down and talk to ammy. More calming.**

**I realize that i will do it alone if i have to.**

**Re-Connect. My gift to the world.**

**My sufferings and teachings.**

**At my pace.**

**Ks2 is calm now. I sleep until 8.**

**Ammy could be pregnant?**

**This thought makes my heart both happy and terrified (compared to
strictly terrified as with toher girls)**

**I know from my heart that no matter what i feel for ammy, in her arms
my child would be the most loved in the world.**

**Just as i wanted and want to be loved. This is very comforting. There
really is no other girl who i felt anything remotely like her being the
mother to my children.**

**More and more i feel connected to the world.**

**The smells, the energies, the sounds, the teeth..**

**Its interesting how i see Ammy much more healthy and sexy with
slightly more kilos.**

**Same with Pelicanu. Same with Bhikku(i could not imagine him as a
skinny old monk).**

**Little body fat seems to be a positive, healthy trait.**

**The one thing i forget when affected by dukkha is that it is not
permanent.**

**It becomes permanent only if it becomes the inclination of my
awareness.**

**(As in the milk+cereal \"medicine\" i take after a meal. Its just in
my creation.**

**I make the rules. It can also be water.)**

**Felt really tired following up yesterday, sleep good with KS2 midly
affected from time to time.**

**Finally talk with Pelicanu.**

**His words seem to come from a half-heart.**

**3 Sept -**

**Energy is low-ish today, for sure not feel like any serious
training.**

**I end up in this hungry-low energy state in Cora.**

**I want fucking everything haha.**

**Eate bread cheese avo - and just like everytime - it dominoed a whole
chain of dukkha food.**

**There was a feeling of body still being hungry even tho i\'m full. So
i kept eating and eating.**

**Well.. it makes sense my friend. For you were putting food, not fuel
into it.**

**Sleep affected.**

**Processed white flour - the spark?**

**Seems that any meal including more than a pinch of white flour, is
conditioned to cultivate great dukkha.**

**Reflecting more and more on meat - something doesn\'t feel right -
sometimes ?**

**I wonder if meat (killing) was only to be done when survival is at
play.**

**See the beauty of the world in people beyond hot girls.**

**Good sleep. ❤️🙏**

**2 Sept -**

**I get home at night with an insatiable hunger.**

**Eat yoghurts with breadsticks.**

**It doesn't feel like enough.**

**Eat some cereals. Now i'm over-fed and the conditioning begins.**

**I see it clearly.**

**Walk to profi calms me down, but it too short to quinch all dukkha. I
have no Chi left for today.**

**Buy more milk&chocolate and go home.**

**I have a feeling that despite i haven't eat so much at night in a few
weeks, i will sleep good.**

**The heart is at peace now.**

**I know where destiny calls.**

**Food today was cultivated in much love.**

**Good night my friend.**

**Reflecting a lot about where to go in my 1.5 months break. For sure
East. Explored the options in China.**

**But was in very much doubt about Amy.**

**How much time with her, how i'll feel.**

**These thoughts flowed together with the already present doubt about
Ammy.**

**No matter how afraid I was to admit it, something didn't feel right.**

**She was like a little girl, again returned to the age of 12, craving
all my attention for as much as possible. No identity -**

**All the life i would imagine to have with her had so many, what seemed
like unconquerable, problems.**

**She will always choose her children over me,**

**Very little chances of getting pregnant**

**Cannot fully understand each-other**

**And beyond all that, there was this constant feeling that even tho i
love her all my heart like never before, something is wrong.**

**Something doesn't feel good about life with her here.**

**She also continuously felt my doubt.**

**I cannot put into words the feeling, but there are many moments in the
day where life is boring.**

**In which she seems to have no identity.**

**Its really hard to explain.**

**Like my heart truly loves her, but in the same time my heart is not at
peace.**

**Of course... i just realised.**

**She had been ripped off the very core of her nature, of who she is.
Being a Mother. Of Tommy. Of daughter.**

**With Tommy home, she was incomplete.**

**More so, her dream of having a coffee shop was also lost here in
Romania.**

**She didn\'t make coffee. She didn\'t care and love Tommy. Or
daugther.**

**Without all these, who is she then?**

**And more so, the very reasons i fell in love with her were now gone.
Disappeared.**

**I was now loving a little girl who hates homework and plays all day.**

**A little girl who is fully dependent on me on everything, who's
doesn't want to go even to the store alone.**

**Heart filled with true love, but not with peace.**

**Tommy is a true part of her, is what made me completely fall in love
with her.**

**It cannot be ignored.**

**How could i forget this?**

**Of course something felt wrong!**

**She loves you with so much energy that it made her cover the part of
her heart in Tommy for a while.. but it's at the center of who she is.**

**Of what made me love her with all my atoms - when she was a mother.**

**I forgot that i fall în love with her only when i see her with Tommy,
until then she was just a hot girl who i'd like to fuck.**

**But when i first saw her love Tommy, my heart melted.**

**I wanted to call her mommy and love her with all my heart.**

**I played with Tommy and în his laugh, i felt her beating heart.**

**How could i forget this..**

**Well, it was only a matter of time until the universe pulls her back
home to Tommy.**

**And oh.. it did in what a way.**

**First, Atom was sick - she slightly contemplated leaving if he got
worse.**

**Then, mom fight and she leaves children,**

**Soon she fights with israel and friend,**

**Everything was calling her home.**

**I think in her heart she felt the same. Heart filled with true love,
but not with peace.**

**And finally, daughter gets pregnant and must go through very late
abortion - deciding her early departure.**

**Without Tommy, you are are half-loving Ammy.**

**In Tommy's hug there is part of her heart.**

**Perhaps my love will heal his little heart and sickened body too. So
it feels.**

**His name Atom.. well an atom observed at a quantum level, is very
similar to yin yang.**

**The interconnectivity of the world.**

**Masculine and Feminine energies.**

**He never had a true father to love him and teach him about life.**

**You can love Ammy in a hug.**

**You can love her fucking,**

**In a touch, in holding her poo poo hand,**

**You can love her in thousands of way,**

**But until you not love her by loving Tommy,**

**It is not complete.**

**But this meant plans for future, my whole life already planned and
pictured somewhat in front of your eyes.**

**What a scary feeling, entrapment of the free soul.**

**This is where you made a mistake.**

**You took it so seriously.**

**All these plans, plans, future, divorce, be with her here felt
incomplete - what do i do?**

**Relax my friend.**

**You go there to experience her in her most true form. A mother and a
lover.**

**It will be a totally different feeling than in Romania.**

**You can leave at any moment and you will know about this until you are
in the present.**

**Its clear now.**

**First stop: Life with Full-heart ammy**

**Don't know for how long and neither what the future holds, but its
clear that i want to experience this.**

**After, let's see.**

**Just as i write this, she sends me a picture of here and Atom going to
sleep, with her smelling my shirt.**

**I asked the universe for a sign on where to start my upcoming
journey.**

**I have it.**

**What an amazing sleep.**

**I waked around 3-4am because of past days inertia, even tho i did not
feel bad nausea.**

**"There was a sort of twinkle in Jung\'s eye that gave me the
impression that he knew himself to be just as much a villain as
everybody else.**

**That he knew and recognized, what I sometimes call \"the element of
irreducible rascality\" in himself.**

**And he knew it so strongly and so clearly and in a way so
lovingly\...**

**That he would not condemn these things in others; and would therefore
not be led into those thoughts, feelings and acts of violence towards
others which are always characteristic of the people who project the
devil in themselves upon the outside.**

**Upon somebody else, upon the scapegoat.**

**This made Jung a very integrated character.**

**He was a man who was thoroughly with himself - having seen and
accepted his own nature profoundly.**

**He had a kind of a unity and absence of conflict in his own nature.**

**He was the sort of man who could feel anxious and afraid and
guilty\... without being ashamed of feeling this way.**

**In other words, he understood that an integrated person is not a
person who has simply eliminated the sense of guilt or the sense of
anxiety or fear from their life.**

**But rather, is a person who feels all these things, but has no
recriminations against themself for feeling them."**

**\~ Alan Watts**

**1 Sept -**

**Movie with Father. Oppenheimer.**

**The first 2 hours of it so powerful, so insightful.**

**Got home tired as fuck at 10.**

**Eate some some milk cereals. (Made me feel a little bit heavy
stomach)**

**Amazing amazing sleep followed.**

**Left home with the intention to go to Cosu.**

**But A lot of signs were telling me not to.**

**So i stop at vivo.**

**Approached 3 girls. Its been a long time.**

**Still, it feels extremely natural. It flows.**

**Great level up my friend.**

**Regardless of outcome, of boyfriends or anything else, it is truly a
wonderful thing to experience.**

**The emotions, the nervous evasions, i would not trade them all for
nothing.**

**How boring it would be to feel absolutely nothing ?**

**Like God-mode in a game, like immortality in life.**

**Maybe for the first time in life, there is complete contentment in
Game.**

**More than my beliefs and validations, it is a beautiful thing to put a
smile and some love in a person's day, without asking for anything in
return.**

**If a person doesn't smile back, use your friend's Dale mantra to
cleanse.**

**And further, the temple's monk's one.**

**"Do not get depressed if a person doesn't smile back, they each have
their own story."**

**31 August -**

**Eate pretzels + yoghurt + milk and cereals.**

**A lot of food my friend.**

**KS2 had to create a lot of gastric acid to digest.**

**An affected ks2 during sleep followed.**

**Remains only the purpose to eat for well being, not influenced by the
inter-changing reflection in the mirror and the mind.**

**Music and drive to work, the old woman crossing the street
experience.**

**Followed by the man to who i smiled to then protected me.**

**I start crying.**

**Life is beautiful. People are beautiful. The world is full of
heroes.**

**Listening to Desiderata.**

**Sitting on the balcony in the refreshing cold morning\'s touch,
drinking a home-made coffee and talking with Spinu.**

**On the background are playing my favorite songs gently.**

**Working on Re-Connect and others.**

**Life..**

**IKIGAI - As Andreea tells me at the end of our session:**

**\"Fix de asta aveam nevoie, nu de antrenori care sa-mi faca program de
exercitii si sa-mi numere genoflexiunile sau caloriile.\"**

**30 August -**

**Oh my god.. what a release.**

**I can breath again.**

**Amadahy really is one goddess who practiced spiritual experiences in
her relations. Very fascinating to experience.**

**But i will always remain a watcher, a viewer of these spiritual
experiences. I feel at peace with that.**

**Damn how much i\'ve forced my body to retain from food and more so, to
enclose it in fixed patterns of the mind.**

**Your body will always reflect what you truly feel inside. The
struggles, the emotions, the life inside.**

**Trying to forcefully create a beatuiful exterior (greek warrior
body) - will come with spirit sacrifice.**

**\"You cannot go against your instinct without great spirit
sacrifice.\"**

**Reflect how beautifully your body \'bulked\' up in the first part of
Thailand\'s journey and \'cut\' down in second part.**

**How it touched it\'s peak phisique with magical easter \'cut\' - which
was an absolute spiritual release and experience.**

**Bulked up the more you were suffering with Ammy and your demons.**

**Efortless. In Flow.**

**Cut down again when re-united with Ammy.**

**Bulked up again when started to feel suffocated/lost/enclosed in Ammy
dynamic.**

**Cut down again when she left and you\'ve tasted absolute freedom
again.**

**Wow..**

**It truly seems absolutely impossible to force it from the
outside-in.**

**How bad i felt last days. More and more i forced, the more and more i
felt bad.**

**More and more de-focused, more and more drained.**

**Cannot work, cannot train, cannot stretch, nothing feels good - sleep
more and more awful.**

**The modern-man scientist (mother in your dream) blamed it all on
smoking.**

**How foolish, mother. How can you explain then the entries just a few
days ago which described an amazing, full of peace and rest sleep ?**

**For sure it plays a role, but not nearly as absolute.**

**The body will continuestly reflect the inside.**

**And the inside cannot be changed in force. But in love and
acceptance.**

**Just as i stood relaxed on my pc, watching my favorite dota team play,
with post cum on my belly and food dripping on my chest.**

**This is me.**

**Well, a part of me at least. \<3**

**Is it not then, futile to force changes ? More so, always creating a
disturbance in the soul-mind-body continuum.**

**How do people do it then? Well perhaps the same way they bow down to a
8-5 office job and spend their little free time talking about empty
non-sense.**

**But i return to what i was reflecting at it\'s worst peak.**

**1. Forcing habits to stop vs. 2. Creating new ones.**

**1. Strict calories, protein, training schedule, no food after x, weigh
everything, control everything -\> further delussioned into absolutely
denying smoking. - Purpose of the mind (look like that, prove i can)**

**2. The 10.000 steps concept. A gentle reminder of how beautiful it is
to walk. It\'s not a strict number, but an body-mind-soul reminder of
how much dhamma it cultivates.**

**- Purpose of evolution, of \'watering\' the garden which is the body,
of**

**Big difference.**

**Still both, as does any change in body\'s composition, require CHANGE.
LIFESTYLE CHANGES.**

**Something will be different.**

**But the first one cuts out parts of who are YOU today, while the
second one invites you to experience more places, more feelings, more
more more.. life.**

**!Cutting things down from lifestyle vs. Adding things i love to it.**

**All of this begs the question.. Does the body lose/gain weight and
strength, or does it adapt ?**

**Feeling more and more bad. Throat, breathing, energy, sleep, focus.
All affected by the cut. Greatly.**

**Of course my friend. Much change there is..**

**It becomes clear that the body's well being is much more important
than looks or kgs.**

**What i previously labeled as bad now reminiscing feels like a strong,
healthy body.**

**Let go. Lifted boundaries on smoke, food, everything.**

**I accept everyone as part of me. Spinu, the fantasies, milky way..**

**No wonder i smelled ariana this morning when i went out to buy
watermelon. She was the fuel, the change of my first cut. - and it was
done with watermelon.**

**Forcing habits to stop vs. creating new ones.**

**(As was cutting at easter vs now)**

**29 August -**

**More and more kaya sankhara is affected by smoking.**

**Especially when done in excess.**

**When breath becomes affected, almost everything follows and becomes
conditioned.**

**So, the bad eggs quickly turned into more smoking and masturbation and
further more in a deeply tiring multi focused mind.**

**Jumping through tv series, dota, tiktok, facebook, mails.. Restless.**

**Chicken, tea and mineral water was the last meal.**

**A greatly perturbed sleep followed.**

**Sleep and ks2 affected last night and today.**

**Although its a bit pointless to study the food because of my Ammy
leaving me.**

**Maybe the evening protein shake played a role 🤔 .**

**But the heart is deeply wounded.**

**All the doubts i had before, which were being watered by
masturbations, become clear.**

**Fuck the age, the language.. All the trains that i\'ll miss by
choosing to be with her.**

**I choose.. her ?**

**I text her good morning.. she answers.**

**A heavy burden is liften from my heart and stomach.**

**28 August -**

**Ammy ended things ?**

**She is very hurt about leaving her alone in her problems (money dukkha
of course)**

**So hurt that she said she won't text me again and she not suitable for
my life.**

**Apart from money, something broke in me when she decided to leave back
for thailand.**

**A void which only grew further.**

**Perhaps this is needed to bring clarity and light.**

**Telling her about my spiritual experience in my dream, she senses only
the bad energy - not my revelations. Just as my mother.**

**And she replies about thinking me playing too much had caused it.**

**I was deeply affected by this and the doubts grew more, but do i need
a therapist or validation - or my mother\'s love?**

**Return to some habits before the accident.**

**Milk protein shake. Gym.**

**They just came naturally.**

**The viking battle dream. Dying with an axe on my heart.**

**Eate much last night, a lot of dukkha was cultivated following the
masturbation.**

**Excess food, smoking, not moving, low energy and strength, seeing my
self both fat and skinny, disbelief in Reconnect and Alex, sweating and
getting rashes from milk+sugar+sweat.**

**Still, despite all of this, i rested well. Woke up only briefly for a
glass of water.**

**Then woke up with a lot of energy. Hungry for gym.**

**Had a very powerful gym session.**

**27 August -**

**Training disciples.**

**A question often asked by aspiring disciples is; how can I improve my
Dhamma practice?**

**Here I will share some of the things that were useful to me during my
training.**

**Universal Love.**

**Cultivating an open-hearted accepting relationship with all beings is
the first step of relinquishing the fear that dominates our life. Beings
are the way they are, that is their choice but you are the way you are,
and that is your choice. Judging, criticizing and commenting on the
behavior of others does not take you to peace and only demonstrates your
need for everyone to conform to your ideas of how they should be.**

**Responding to each moment with wisdom and love rather than from fear
and anxiety, will keep our place in the centre of any storm. Here we are
more likely to see the reality of the situation instead of creating
another mind-based fantasy.**

**As a footnote to this:**

**Kamma and Vipaka are universal realities and if beings truly
understood the consequence of their empowerment of greed and hatred in
the world, they would change every aspect of their life. The behavior of
others therefore, does not need your comments. Kamma and Vipaka operate
in an impersonal way therefore beings will always meet the consequence
of the mind states they empower.**

**Elegance.**

**Dhamma has the quality of being beautiful therefore we, as
representatives of this beauty must behave accordingly.**

**Not to slouch when we meditate, relax or eat but to sit with a
straight back and pay attention to our posture and our comportment.**

**To chew with our mouth closed and to handle all food whether
preparing, cooking or serving, as the gift it truly is.**

**To walk gracefully whether on retreat or not.**

**To greet others with a simple hello or smile.**

**To be friendly.**

**Speech.**

**To be honest, but always kind.**

**Don\'t humiliate another simply to score a point in an argument or
disagreement. State your case quietly and clearly and let it go. It is
rare that others immediately see or understand our point of view, and by
insisting that we are right and they are wrong, we can only cement our
opposing positions.**

**Behavior.**

**Don\'t involve yourself in multitasking.**

**It is a myth that we can do many things simultaneously, so learn to
give your full attention to the one activity you are engaged in and then
flow to the next without pause. This moment to moment focus and
awareness will bring peace to your life and stress will not be an issue
for you.**

**Give up ambition.**

**Simply do what you\'re supposed to do and let go of any idea of an
ultimate goal.**

**Life will take care of itself and the more you stay open to its
infinite possibilities, rather than focusing on one solitary outcome,
the more it will respond unhindered by the mind and its endless desires
and fears.**

**Work.**

**As much as you are able, find employment that serves others and brings
a degree of satisfaction to you. If you are not able to do this, then
use your work as your Dhamma vehicle, to watch your frustration and
irritation with the environment and your colleagues and to let these
negative influences fall away.**

**To find ourselves in situations that are uncomfortable for us is a
beneficial way to train.**

**Relax. In the end, for most of us, it\'s only work, and like all
things, it only has the value we give it.**

**Don\'t compromise or look for short cuts.**

**Our training is to let go of ego demands and harmonize with the
reality of life, not create a special feeling around what we do,
therefore we must stay on the path surrendering into the simplicity of
the practice and pass through any mind based obstacles such as boredom
and desire.**

**Integrity and consistency of practice are the most important things.**

**Service.**

**To be available when we see the need is how we serve the world.**

**To offer service to another is the mark of an open heart, from the
classic example of helping an old lady across the road to offering our
time and possible expertise in different situations, but never seeking
reward or acknowledgement.**

**We do not live in isolation and so the moment we become aware of the
many daily blessings in our life, we can offer our help to any being,
human or not, who need assistance in that moment.**

**Generosity.**

**When fear and desire are not present, we will be spontaneously
generous, sharing the best part of ourselves with the world. We don\'t
need to search for particular charities to support but only to be open
to the needs of the world at large or our own particular environment and
offer our help, whatever that can be.**

**Kindness.**

**Simply be kind, you have nothing to lose.**

**These are some of the qualities to bring forward in your life to
enhance the dissolution to the attachment to a \'self\' identity, the
basis for all our difficulties.**

**Only \'self\' makes demands on the world and so only \'self\' can
suffer.**

**The less 'you' there is the happier and more peaceful life will be.**

**May all beings be happy.**

**26 August -**

**Ammy son and daughter are sick.**

**Went to father to film some pulls ups, but was affected by the
revelation that the body is not in peak form.**

**It's understandable my friend.**

**Eate 2 medium dukkha meals. (Big belly and bag beans)**

**Nothing before 3-4 hours prior to sleep.**

**Slept really good.**

**Still, i wake up looking very fat and skinny at the same time.**

**But nonetheless, good. At peace.**

**I am more than a body at peak form.**

**I feel a rested, even though drained, body.**

**If there is one thing to pursue, one purpose - would be cutting.
(Definitely not bulking).**

**Or just maintaining.**

**I'm not full hearted in neither.**

**Perhaps just to move better, be more mobile, strong, flexible.**

**Feeling down a bit with Reconnect.**

**I don't see a clear purpose and future.**

**25 August -**

**There is some clear doubt regarding Ammy.**

**I love being single and freedom so much, as i have missed the feeling
greatly when with her.**

**The question is.. it is about freedom or about Ammy ?**

**I don't know.**

**Masturbating everyday also brings more fog upon it all.**

**Another skill unlocked.**

**2 min bike to Poligon then enjoy nature. Walk. Think. Reflect.
Write.**

**24 August -**

**Deceptioned by pep&pepper japanese eggs and rice which turned out to
be fried. Encountered Nap, which felt full of dukkha. So serious.**

**All the happenings conditioned a somewhat dukkha-filled end of the day
and sleep. (+ tiktok hate)**

**The recliner was far from what i'd imagined.**

**It lacks flexibility. I remember also the couch setup lacked
flexibility.**

**The adapted gaming chair is far superior.**

**There was a huge struggle in me which manifested also as back pain.**

**Decided to return. Back pain gone.**

**Slept so whole and good despite the dukkha cultivated through late
night milk and chocolate (although mild).**

**Woke up with a semi-erection, a sign of vitality and prosperity in the
body.**

**Ready for today. To learn, to move, to work, to love.**

**The answer ? Everything that happened yesterday. From food, steps,
little train, little run, little reflecitons, little reading**

**23 August -**

**Triggerul real de la the guys.. este ca in realitate mai am mult de
invatat de la ei.**

**Went for a run. What a feeling. Chasing the pray, adapting ground
running.**

**Got home and more genes activated as i slow cooked my grains with
fruits. Eate on balcony. A spiritual experience i could say.**

**The unprocessed grainy salty taste of a simple yet amazingly whole
meal. Beautiful.**

**Man against horse?**

**We evolved**

**I keep returning to what is the most dhamma way a say should be
lived.**

**Yesterday, at least first half part - continuing to a easy-moderate
dukkha-filled eveninf, was dhamma.**

**Same feeling as Paris, same feeling as Thailand, same feeling as the
natural truth of how a day should be lived.**

**Respect the evolutionary mechanisms, study them, work together.**

**Connected to everything.**

**Today i understood running.**

**The great mechanism who made us able to outrun fierced and agile
animals.**

**Fascinating!**

**This is what you should be experiencing when you run.**

**Slowly, but surely, you are chasing a pray.**

**I'm looking forward to doing it.**

**However, this is an entirely different feeling and genes memory than
sprinting.**

**Totally 2 different strings.**

**Just as it is strength training.**

**How beautiful it is to study them all!**

**Each with it's energy and micro-effects on body's systems.**

**Cravings for chips is gone.**

**Pull ups in poligon park felt good. Shadow. Clean air.**

**22 August -**

**It seems like based on internal and external happenings, some genes
(or what could be called - memories of other lives) activate.**

**Like dreams, star wars, yesterday's encounter with the Roman at his
base, bubu/uta ape flashbacks.**

**Still, despite yesterday's dukkha food, even sleep eating, i sleep 2
rounds of pretty whole good sleep.**

**Its no wonder my friend, if you use all your Qi in the first half part
of the day, and seal it off with masturbation, which further and
completely consumes the Qi left, what is there to be done ?**

**"Walking the Path.**

**Meditation is the most important gift we can give ourselves in this
life.**

**To sit without waiting for something, to be still and simply accept
that which is presented to us with love and humility, is the essence of
this beautiful practice. In the silence of this spacious and peaceful
mind we will see, but more importantly experience directly, the reality
of this being that we call self.**

**Here there is no-where to hide from the truth, and when the heart is
open and willing to know, we will joyfully accept the reality presented
to us without compromising. This is the beauty of the meditation
practice now known as Vipassana -- a practice that transcends technique,
tradition and dogma, and allows us to meet the truth.**

**However, without the fearless meditative nature we can easily
cultivate just another way to misunderstand what we experience. To
continue to compound our delusion by rejecting the truth of each moment
and ignoring the reality of impermanence and emptiness:**

**'whatever arises passes away and is not what we are'.**

**When we look closely, with our eyes and heart unclouded by views,
opinions and other delusive ideas, we will know and understand that in
absolutely real terms, at the place of pure dhamma, there is no
individual or separate self that exists.**

**There is no meditator, only the meditation, there is no feeler, only
the feeling, there is no person, only the process of life.**

**It will be as though we watch clouds passing through an empty sky.**

**Every thought, mood, feeling and emotion is just another cloud to
watch. They have shapes and apparent realities, but if we try to hold
them as something real and enduring we will see that each of them has
the same quality as all phenomenon, to be insubstantial. To be empty.**

**And so it is with the fantasy of self, of 'I', 'me' and 'mine'.**

**When we are able to meet the truth without fear and delusion, we will
see that these are only words, only convenient ways to speak, but have
no place in the realm of the absolute truth.**

**In the realm of pure dhamma. They are only labels on that which cannot
be labelled.**

**No matter how powerful or real it may seem, 'I' is just another
thought that arises and passes away in this moment. 'Me' and 'mine' can
only be the same.**

**However, arising simultaneously with these thoughts are all the
divisions that exist in life. 'You', 'yours', 'theirs', 'ours', etc.**

**None of them have a real or substantial nature, but all of them are
thought worthy of persecuting for, fighting for and dying for.**

**The full and complete comprehension of the truth of the emptiness of a
separate and 'real self', (Anatta) brings the perfect liberation from
suffering and unhappiness in life, for all suffering begins with the
delusion of 'self'.**

**Arising with this liberation is the experience of oneness with all
beings and the supreme joy of 'beingness'. No longer being someone or
something, but simply 'being one' with all things.**

**When there is no attachment to a self identity, who is it that gets
old, gets sick and dies?**

**When there is no attachment to a self identity, who is it that
experiences pain and heat and cold?**

**When there is no attachment to a self identity, who is it that will
hurt, fight and kill others?**

**To be free from the delusion of self is to be free from the
difficulties of life. Our life will stay the same but the problems fall
away. After all, if there really is no fixed or abiding self, who is it
that suffers?**

**Everything is without a separate self.**

**The one who understands this**

**through insight and wisdom,**

**is freed from suffering.**

**(Dhammapada: verse 279)"**

**21 August -**

**Eate a lot of milk and cereals.**

**Its clear not about my body needing it, but its extremely hot, my
nastrals blocked, too sweaty to play/watch anything.**

**And.. the most important of all, which prevents me from getting out of
the house/reading - i have no Qi left.**

**Definitely masturbation 1x each day played a part, but how big ?**

**This same feeling also came up with Ammy here.**

**And what can be done ?**

**Perhaps a short afternoon nap.**

**Cosu meet and acted upon 2 lifetime dreams.**

**Recliner and ancestry.**

**Granny dream. Me not realizing she needs my help.**

**20 August -**

**I'm still with a heavy heart in Park.**

**Triggers, echos of the past which defy logic.**

**It is pretty intense.**

**Wakes up the "I" greatly.**

**What could that person show or reflect about ME ?**

**Watching a wedding, Ammy is the first who comes to mind.**

**Imagining her brown beautiful skin in contrast to the white dress.**

**The moment is close to whole, but yet not fully. Age, kids, money,
language barriers, a simple identity - all play a part in this yet
incomplete picture.**

**Picturing any other girl from my past seems empty, including Ariana.**

**But perhaps.. there is someone X ? Would X make it complete ?**

**Relationship with food is getting better.. effortless.**

**Posted constantly regardless of reach.**

**Remember MrBeast, who'd posted for years to such a small audience.**

**19 August -**

**5-6-7-8-9 pm comes and "I" really don't know what to do.**

**The next day as i get into park to high frequency music, again unfolds
the dissociation. From I.**

**And see.. life.. in endless of forms.**

**\"One day my teacher told me of an incident that had happened in the
monastery. An English woman, a friend of his, had arrived and was
immediately angry with him, standing in front of him shouting and waving
her arms. I was shocked to hear this, for in my mind I could not
understand how anyone could be angry at this beautiful, smiling, brown
skinned man, so I asked the question, "Bhante, what did you do?"**

**"Oh," he said, "I just waited for the anger to pass, then my friend
was back."**

**This is the power of love.\"**

**18 August -**

**Break routine. Walk to top of ceta, short train in park, walk to
form.**

**Return to simplicity.**

**House. Eating. Ways of life.**

**Let your magician fully come to life in mentoring, it will beautiful
filter the people who are not a match for your ways.**

**17 August -**

**In the burning warmth of mid afternoon - i find my way to the central
park.**

**How fascinating is to watch life.**

**In the midsts of passion, i have forgotten.**

**I can train, eat, friendly or flirty approach anyone i want, read,
smoke, run.**

**FREEDOM.**

**Walking meditation.**

**Reviewing my work with Viorel.. i realise.. wow.**

**What great teachings we\'ve built together.**

**The secrets of life.**

**The magician at play.**

**How naive i was to doubt him in my current work.**

**\"We are what we think.**

**All that we are arises from the mind,**

**and with the mind we make our world.**

**So, speak or act with an impure mind**

**and difficulties will follow you**

**as the wheel follows the ox that pulls the cart.**

**(Dhammapada: verse 1)\"**

**16 August -**

**Sitzfleisch.**

**Started and finished the video in about 3 hours. Beautiful.**

**One of the most awful nights with my KS2.**

**My Ammy is gone. There is no need for reflections these days.**

**One thing is for sure - KS2, just as a woman, is driven by emotions.**

**Both negative (missing a woman\'s touch - to feeling bloated and
inflamed - work - back and other pains- Reconnect - confidence in myself
and one\'s path).**

**Is it why the KS2 issues persisted with Ammy here.**

**Positive emotions condition more of a calm KS2, nurished by breath.**

**15 August -**

**We drive with our scooter to airpot.**

**Find a quiet spot where we can watch the planes, on a lonesome road.**

**She took a film picture of what i consider my most ugly side to have
with her..**

**she sees it just as beautiful, as unique as i see her flaws ? Her long
neck and big forehead?**

**First meal of the day is most important & greatly impacts the rest.**

**Acknowledge it.**

**Here ends the age of dragons.**

**Let the last night with Ammy be the last night of the dragons.**

**14 August -**

**Its really not about what we do in the last day or night.**

**Let it be awful. Sleepless. Heavy stomach, breathing and heart.**

**It means nothing.**

**Our love is not written here, but on every moment so far and which is
to come.**

**When she's sad, she doesn't want to eat.**

**Its clear a wounded heart doesn't want food. But to be seen. Heard.
Felt.**

**13 August -**

**She'd rather choose a life blind/deaf with me than one alone.**

**12 August -**

**The return of the dogs.**

**Bigger now. Stronger.**

**But they were not the only ones who had studied the Art of War in the
past years.**

**11 August -**

**Night unfolds slowly.**

**Enlightening talk with my brother.**

**Its so hard to overcome food dukkha because i have so much freedom and
sensitivity.**

**Just like Marcus Aurelius reflected upon.**

**If you want to test the quality and control of life, stop from
whatever it is that you're doing and sit with yourself for a while.**

**So, If you overcome dukkha/addictions through being busy, its just
running away.**

**Its why some powerful spikes/nice schedules makes me elude it
temporarily.**

**But it always comes back.**

**No matter how strong (like Ammy, the love of my life)**

**A deep revelation comes to mind, to perhaps one of my greatest
fears.**

**Dying like Bubu. Sickness.**

**But now if that comes, i have an answer.**

**Sell everything and return to Ammy.**

**To her arms. To her food. To her love.**

**Still, with all that dukkha i have managed to unlock one arm pull-up
and push-up - with both hands.**

**Wow.. my body is stronger, not fatter, weaker.**

**Further, Ammy's honest reaction conforms.**

**She truly likes my body more. Granny too. Mom too. For sure many many
girls.**

**Just as i truly like her more as she gains weight.**

**So much drama and suffering about identifying with this social concept
of fit..**

**So much "I".**

**The ks2 dukkha felt last night reminded me of how bad it used to be.**

**I did come very far in my healing, although i'm sometimes blind to see
it.**

**10 August -**

**In the evening weighted at 65.4.**

**A number. Still, This made me feel bad and fat, especially that
esthetics had been somewhat holding me back.**

**I smoked and eate a yopro deciding not to eat anything else today.**

**Played 1 dota.**

**After it, the body and brain chemistry paired with the hour,
conditioned by the hunger, night and what i was about to do(watch pc) -
made me instantly want to eat.**

**Luck had it that eate the heavy chorizo pizza. Felt so bad and heavy
after the first half.**

**Still, continued, tricking myself that the second one is not so heavy
and might be even good if i pick up all the chorizo.**

**But this was far from truth.**

**Ended feeling worse.**

**So.. "medicine" (milk+cereal+chocolate)**

**Continued to snack cereals when milk was over.**

**Awful sleep. One of the heaviest and bad i've felt KS2 in a long
time.**

**More so, preventing me to partake in the fallling asleep with my
Ammy.**

**And even more so, starting to fatten me.**

**"How can i sell my services to others regarding food" a stupid
question that leads me into more dukkha.**

**Money spent for fucking food that sickens me also brings more
dukkha.**

**Oh and My Ammy leaving..**

**You want to learn how to hand stand ?**

**Squat ?**

**First most important thing is to spend time there.**

**Second is how to you do it.**

**The second one without the first is nothing.**

**Its all about time spent there.**

**Dhamma movement today. Body just moves, explores.**

**Some of it was chasing pain, but not more than 20%.**

**Felt my CNS hold back movements.**

**Explored and learned a lot of new things and position.**

**Squat to forward bend beginning to be more comfortable.**

**T spine slight trigger from yesterday push ups to squats lighting up
the dfl - making the weak link in that pattern come to light the next
day.**

**All senses start to point into reducing/giving up chocolate and
chips.**

**9 August -**

**How she healed my hiccup, just as she heals Tommy's.**

**Libido energy feels down in the last days.**

**Excess of diary and cereals ?**

**Or maybe her leaving ?**

**Maybe masturbating many times at her period?**

**Low protein?**

**I start to crave meat.**

**6 August -**

**Cosu deals with a very similar problem.**

**Deep beautiful talk about our problems and re-wiring.**

**How to do it, cheats, approach, conditionings.**

**I feel at peace with Ammy.**

**No longer lost in the heat of passion.**

**I am looking forward to having alone time again, but no more than i am
looking forward to be with her.**

**Wake up to her, eat her food, feel her pure immense love, the beat of
her heart and stupid laugh.. penguin walk, little girl eyes and smile.**

**I stand blessed to have experienced all this. 🙏**

**To whatever it may be.**

**No food after 7 last night + long walk before sleep.**

**Still, somewhat affected sleep. Good nonetheless, just 1 time waking
up and totaling up to 8 hours.**

**I blame part of it on the last 2 meals during the day of some milk,
cereals and chocolate. Plus some light over-eating.**

**But Ammy's too.**

**Heavy rain. Clouds.**

**5 August -**

**Handstand is getting better. Slowly.**

**I begin to gain and lose balance.**

**Later faith had it that we got to Bubu's grave.**

**Wow.**

**Amazing sleep. 8-9 hours with a gentle awakening at sunrise.**

**Last meal was extremely light around 8. Half corn my Ammy boiled.**

**I was so excited by the game that i need no food to spike it.**

**And so, in a different way, the neurological paths were tricked.**

**The dopamine was spiked in a different way.**

**This allowed me to greet 11-12 a clock with an empty, calm KS2.**

**Further, it allowed me to meet my Ammy in evening's touch for the
first time.**

**Oh and how beautifully it was.**

**Even tho i was not sleepy, it felt peaceful to reflect.**

**The unconsciousness?**

**I dreamed Bubu healed. I loved him so much and i was so happy he'd won
the battle.**

**"Tigari mai bagi ? Mai rar " - i ask him**

**" Daaa Raulica, una doua pe zi "**

**So in the first night in the last weeks i've slept well, together with
my food demons, bubu was also saved.**

**It feels, ironically, that this is indeed how i Save bubu.**

**4 August -**

**Oh my god.. what a heavy night.**

**As i watched her last night around the house, my heart feels sad.**

**Same when we walked and imagined how i'll walk alone.**

**Home I eate chips with soy yoghurt and milk+chocolate after. Still, i
was awake for at least 1-2 hours before sleep. Brushed teeth.**

**Its worth noting i did not smoke in the evening.**

**The sadness of the heart and dukkha food proved to be a fatal
combination.**

**I woke up many times during the night with a heavy and acidic
stomac.**

**I can feel what my chakra teacher is talking about.**

**Alkaline vs acidic.**

**The battle is lost in minutes, seconds.**

**The moment i woke up to cereals, then bread - damage is already
done.**

**It takes up to 5 hours to reset and still not complete.**

**Only the morning truly resets it.**

**Again my friend. It takes minutes to cultivate hours and a whole night
of sleep dukkha.**

**The recipe:**

**The great spiritual suffering of my Ammy leaving \~6 months. Will i
ever see her again?**

**Woke up rested and because i was feeling good, hit milk and
honey-sugar-peanuts cereals.**

**This instantly triggered my body milk allergy.**

**Neck skin was burning from before.**

**Boo boos were itching.**

**So naturally.. i continued. Not so much tho.**

**Then night came and already so much dukkha was cultivated.**

**Eate chips, more milk (in the delusion that im not intolerant) and
chocolate (50g tho, as i knew from before that only little bit will not
hurt me.**

**Everything was done. The night came.**

**Oh and how the play unfolded..**

**It is a battle.**

**Of dukkha making me eat.**

**Of neurological programming making me eat.**

**And once it begins, it just plays itself.**

**On the other side, its dhamma.**

**The natural truth of life.**

**The clean food. Loving kindness in patterns.**

**The breath.**

**Now, the tricky part is that..**

**The battle is lost in minutes, my friend.**

**In just minutes of dukkha food eating.**

**A great knowledge is required.**

**I know what dhamma food patterns are in the day, but..**

**I really don't know what food to eat and and what time for dhamma
sleep ?**

**So study my friend.**

**No half-truths or measures of dhamma-dukkha.**

**Study new patterns.**

**Create your dhamma day and food book.**

**Study it with utmost dedication.**

**All flavors. You know so much already.**

**Finally, cultivate it. Fight for it when necessary.**

**Like you fight demons which overcome you in minutes of lowering your
guard.**

**Freedom of the heart, but recognize this moments of demons coming and
fight.**

**Fight with all your heart, fight for life and for Ammy. Fight for true
love.**

**You fight 2 great warriors.**

**The neurological programming, who's "won" thousands of battles.**

**And the dukkha which comes in many forms.**

**Everyday, there is a battle.**

**The battlefield is the inside, not outside.**

**On the outside there is only carnage. Collateral damage.**

**On the inside is war.**

**Not out of fear, but like a child playing. Learning.**

**Allow "mistakes". But do not let them rule you.**

**Always return to your study.**

**To dhamma food patterns.**

**3 August -**

**The bee sting.**

**Beautiful evening as a study material regarding eating.**

**How i laughed about it with my Ammy at morning's coffee.**

**She woke up earlier and cleaned the house. I wake at the sight of her
watering the plants.. i know now clearly that i want to marry her.**

**The fact that she's leaving offers beautiful study material upon my
feelings.**

**2 August -**

**The pain caused by her leaving is a blessing compared to what i felt
when she was sick.**

**We slightly woke in the dawn of day for a few moments, looking into
each-others eyes then fall back to sleep.**

**Woke up later in the morning.**

**How amazing it feels to wake up to her.**

**As a new day comes, i feel more at peace with her leaving and just
enjoying the present.**

**1 August -**

**The departure comes back.**

**As she spoke to doctor, she's convinced she wants to go.**

**This triggers me badly wanting to "break up" with her, as in be free
again of attachment, money - and most, pain caused by her not being with
me.**

**The feeling when i'd sometimes video call or think about her is
haunting.**

**How it ripped me on the inside.**

**And now, i'm about to dive in it again for even more time than
before?**

**Except now you're not waiting my friend.**

**You already feel you want to be with her full heart.**

**Now there is no more uncertainty, nothing to discover.**

**You have learned so much about love and your pain and food dukkhas.**

**Now destiny takes back it's rightful way of unfolding things.**

**It was never in your control.**

**My beautiful angel is upset about her daughter..**

**Every morning i grow more convinced this is the woman i want to wake
up to.**

**While reading exercised, the image of parents sleeping with her new
born is extremely powerful.**

**How the modern man writes and teaches how to "dress" your child to
sleep alone.**

**While the answer is so simple in my mind, where all 3 of us sleep
lovingly in naked hearts&bodies.**

**I was sure Ammy shared this,**

**Indeed she does.**

**Michael Dhamma teachings:**

**You don't have to have an opinion about everything.**

**Alex visited me.**

**Oh how i missed Alex and our talks.**

**My friend really had developed his own identity, as i could not
persuade him to spend the night here.**

**31 July -**

**Welcome to my world.**

**One year ago we did the car rope workout.**

**How long ago it feels..**

**So then, you have time my friend.**

**To read, explore, experience.**

**I wake feeling well rested, although with ks2 a bit inflamed.**

**I see my beautiful angel as she gets up and grab her arm to stop
her.**

**With our eyes closed most of the time, our bodies meet.**

**30 July -**

**How beautiful she is in the night's touch.**

**She really is my true love.**

**My beautiful angel in white.**

**Morning ks2 inflamed with dukkha.**

**So i eate some food in the morning, some dukkha but not so much
excess.**

**This gave me some bloating, but beautiful energy.**

**Amazing sleep followed.**

**Second meal was also filled with some dukkha, again no excess.**

**Ended again in the same note.**

**Still, no excess.**

**I would come to feel the exact consequences of this.**

**Good sleep with short wake-ups to change position or drink water.**

**28 July -**

**Dhamma continues.. in better sleep and beautiful whole morning with
Ammy.**

**Bike to bar.. sun, writing beautiful article, some controlled
muscle-ups regressions.**

**Connection to dhamma is slowly restored.**

**Fears and sufferings of \"I\" disperse.**

**27 July -**

**Something is different today.**

**After studying chakra manual - and playing with breathing - had a
wonderful sex with Ammy, turning tears into laughter - with big cum.**

**Feel so light and good the rest of the day.**

**Para-sympathetic at work ?**

**26 July -**

**Goddess lena constellation is consumed.**

**Im no longer provoked so ecstatically. Not at**

**Bi moment at work was beautiful. In my creation.**

**Maan.. the office is so tiring, like continuous stress.**

**LBP triggered hard.**

**Enclosed movement + standing much +**

**!stress - simpathetic nervous system hard acrivation.**

**Very less impact from 6s handstand.**

**Same with pull ups.**

**Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. - this could
be what its missing ?**

**Feels so good to get out of the house in the morning. - we are
perhaps, afterall, social beings which are to begin their day by getting
out of the bed/house and into the world.**

**25 July -**

**A new day. A new hope. A new chance.**

**"Love is the answer.**

**If you want to be in peace in life, you must cultivate a loving
relationship with all beings. This simply means to accept the reality of
the other as they are in this moment, and then respond. It does not mean
that you must like them or approve of their actions, and it most
certainly does not mean that you should ever allow anyone to exploit,
abuse or take advantage of you in any way!**

**Beings are the way they are, that is their choice - you are the way
you are, and that is your choice.**

**Like so many people, you carry an idea of \'niceness\', and this
becomes your weakness. You need to let go of the idea that you can only
be loved, liked or accepted when you please everyone and put yourself at
the end of an imaginary list of importance.**

**Remember, Loving Kindness begins with you. If you don\'t have it for
yourself, how can you share it with others. Love is your strength, not
niceness or being \'a pleaser.\' Even the Buddha (and me, and my
teacher) was criticised, and so no matter what we do we will always be
viewed through the personal lenses and emotional filters of others and
their story - in the same way that you do exactly that. No-one sees the
world (or events) as it is, we only see it as we are, therefore the less
of the past we carry, the less corrupt is our understanding of the
moment.**

**Life is not a test or even a learning ground and the idea that things
happen to us personally to reveal something is really just a \'New Age\'
way to regard situations, that everything occurs to teach us something.
Actually, life is just happening and we are caught up in it. We follow
our old habits and meet the same results or we open our heart, change
our habits and meet different results.**

**In every event, personal or public, gross or subtle, large or small,
love, the unconditional acceptance of the reality of this moment, will
always serve you. Then you will respond to what is actually happening,
rather than your old story superimposing itself onto the moment and
directing your reaction through fear.**

**When fear is ended, there is peace.**

**This is the reason why you need to cultivate an open and loving
heart.**

**May all beings be happy."**

**24 July -**

**ALL started with feeling low and tired and starting to eat -
traditional romanian food but is not really good.**

**bread and cream cheeses, continue with pretzels, chips, yoghurt -
clear excess and inflamation of ks2.**

**Started to produce looots of gastric acid to digest all that food.**

**Slept for 1.5 hours but awakened by the nausea felt when layed down,
esp on back.**

**Body is so smart, waking up just before the extra acid hurts the upper
organs.**

**Never fighting this worked out good.**

**Got up, feeling bloated and somewhat nauseated.**

**I think this is exactly how i feel 1-2h into my sleep. How inflamed.
How restless.**

**The "damage" is already done, foundation built up in days and
activated by once again, excess and type of food.**

**Working out at fathers slowly calms it down, until i eat again and it
becomes heavy once more. Not as heavy tho. The melon at the end of the
meal seemed to have triggered this.**

**Got home and i honestly don't know whats the best approach.**

**For sure stopping to eat on this inflamed ks2 is not feeling good.**

**Perhaps eat little bit of milk. This feels so**

**Calming.**

**Or is it all a trick ?**

**A great way would be to not allow any dukkha to grow, to eat slowly
and feel when its starting to come into existence. And stop.**

**Once cultivated, the whole system becomes clouded. ☁️**

**Slept better than yesterday, still i woke up feeling nausea at 3 am.**

**It\'s like at night i do not posses the neccesarry weapons and
knowledge to \"fight\" hunger.**

**For sure it\'s a different battle than morning/afternoon. And for sure
it\'s not easy.**

**Not easy by far.**

**Imagining Goddess Lena fantasies in terms of libido energy are
ecstatic.**

**Over-ride everything.**

**23 July -**

**So beautifully she said that its not baby from me she wants, but from
heart.**

**My little angel..**

**It makes me feel full heart to have baby with her at times.**

**At other times there is great doubt and uncertainty.**

**Especially after I discovered Goddess Lena diary and felt her
energy.**

**Breathtaking and beautiful, as long as it\'s kept at a fantasy
level.**

**At my peak sexual investment in our online constellation, Ammy felt
very bad.**

**Her heart hurt.**

**Revelations & theories - Digestive system (KS2)**

**What if, same as the Low Back Pain, it does not have a single
causation ?**

**Just as it becomes clear that LBP is a combination of many
causations - which then split up further into many ramifications.**

**(Driving&other forces, sympathetic nervous system, emotions, enclosed
movement, muscle activations, poo, muscle tensions, balance between
active and rest)**

**-so is the whole digestive system split into many inter-connections**

**Emotions, both consciousness and unconsciousness dukkha, Already wired
actions, eating pattern leaning to compensate at night, masturbate,
smoking before eating, type of food, excess, time of eating, sleep
position, body pains and feeling tired, sympathetic nervous system.**

**So then of course plans like: no food after 18, no lactose, walk every
night, are doomed to fail.**

**It makes so much sense..**

**Such a complex, fascinating eco-system - how could a an imbalance in
the whole interconnectivity - be enclosed to one or two causations ?**

**So then, i return to what the Dr Swami Gitananda concluded in his
studies.**

**97% of all disease is pshyco-somatic.**

**The real truth is that we do not catch disease; we create them.**

**One true suffering which i bluntly ignored but manifested
continuously, is the duality between the timer on my relationship with
Ammy facing rational impossibility soon - and not being full hearted in
sealing our bond with a child.**

**The more i know her every flavor, the more troublesome the first
suffering becomes.**

**At any point you cannot stop what you're doing and return to the
breath in full contentment, there is dukkha.**

**Spiritual suffering.**

**And the chance to quench this dukkha.**

**End suffering.**

**Its your creation of the world, my friend.**

**Do not forget that**

**When night comes you can return to what they call theta, the breath
ah, the place of creation.**

**And you can play, re-arrange beliefs and conceptions. You're free to
play.**

**Free to wire however you want.**

**To create magical objects like the glasses, to write a love story
which transcends, to rewind eating habits to when it was
counter-intuitive to over eat.**

**When i'd feel just as good after stopping to while i was eating.**

**Re-wire to enjoy watching dota more when i am not eating and the mind
can become single-focused.**

**Anything my friend. ✍️**

**Enjoy.**

**When i make plans and present comes at evening, they are fueled by
fear.**

**Fear of past echos of feeling bad.**

**Fear of sickness.**

**Fear of death.**

**They're not fueled by love.**

**Love of a good simple meal.**

**Love of single focused mind.**

**Love of feeling the body's muscles and tensions.**

**Love of a relaxed&loved kaya sankhara 2.**

**Love of breath. In the morning, giving attention to breathing brings
full contentment.**

**After eating, it becomes tiring to notice the breath.**

**Love of movement. Of getting stronger, better. Of learning to rest and
relax better.**

**What about More time spent with a clean stomach?**

**Eating \~2 meals a day and very light snacking in between which not
affect the breath.**

**Day after day, it seems almost impossible to give up late night
eating.**

**No matter what i do in the morning, afternoon - night comes and i\'m
left with .. ?**

**As evening descends, nothing in life seems more appealing/enjoyable -
than sitting comfortably and eating - more and more and more.**

**The ultimate test.**

**The rewiring.**

**Re-writing citta's programming.**

**This is why its almost impossible.**

**Not the eating. Not the actual continuous biting, which initial
causation is already in light.**

**\"Too easy Dhamma**

**When the Buddha renounced his princely life, he gave up everything to
be free. To ask him later was it worth leaving everything behind, we
know that he would say yes, and that nothing can equal enlightenment and
freedom from suffering.**

**For myself, when I was training with my teacher for all those years, I
often had to sell things, including my Beatles cassettes, to afford the
train and boat fare to travel to the monastery and then leave a donation
after my time with him.**

**It is certainly true that I didn't want to give up my Beatles
collection, but was it worth it ? Yes, undoubtedly, yes.**

**One martial arts teacher I knew in Israel was visited by a young man
who told him that he would like to be a student and train with him, but
he had no money. 'That's alright,' said the teacher, 'you can paint my
house !'**

**The master wants to see effort from the disciple. They want to see how
much value you place upon your training and how much determination you
will make to be free. They want to see you transcend any hardship by
placing your Dhamma training above everything else. Only in this way
will we go past the places in our life where we usually stop!**

**However, these days it seems that many people don't really want to end
their suffering at all, they only want to negociate it and so in the
end, they are not prepared to prioritise Dhamma training if it means
that they may miss out on something else.**

**For the Master the most important thing is their own integrity, for
the disciple it is effort and clarity of intention. When we are
disciples we need to ask ourselves, 'do I really want to be free, is
that why I'm sitting in meditation and going to monasterys occasionally,
or do I want something else ?\"**

**My Ammy started crying and was so afraid in her sleep.**

**I wake her trembling body up.**

**She dreamnt death came to take her away and for the first time in her
life, she was truly afraid.**

**Because she loves life so much now.. she loves me so much.**

**In the dream she tried calling her father but he did not asnwer..**

**Diary 2023 18 March - 21 July**

**21 July -**

**Air and food(water).**

**Kaya sankhara and kaya sankhara 2.**

**Every second of the day in you, interconnected.**

**The core of physical life.**

**The more this is seen, the more dhamma is cultivated.**

**The more this is ignored, inevitably dukkha arises and blinds.**

**For this, it is worth returning to my friend Bhikku work -**

**If Sati is strong enough for these to be observed and dhamma loved,
almost everything else is fixed.**

**Money. Sleep. Direction. Motivation. Self-body love.**

**Back feels amazing these past few days.**

**And once ks2 also calms down, the fog slowly lifts.**

**I return to the only question worth pondering in all action, food,
thought..**

**How does this affect the dhamma levels of the present?**

**Is sati powerful enough to let arise something else more dhamma to be
consumed ?**

**Observe with no pressure attached to outcome and ego's desires.**

**Is water needed ?**

**Is rest ?**

**Is movement ?**

**Is food ?**

**And this is where the ego is so powerful that it overcomes the wisdom
in action.**

**Is it not eating thats happening, my friend.**

**But you are making love with KS2.**

**Until now i imagined KS2 as a man by default.**

**Now i realize by heart that it is a woman.**

**A woman who's relationship with is carrying a lot of trauma.**

**The more i know Ammy, the more i am in love with her.**

**She's becoming my best friend.**

**Last 2 days sleep was moderately affected.**

**It makes sense, as i\'ve spent half of both days eating dukkha food
and thinking about food.**

**Eating at night chickpeas puffs as relief food for sure didn\'t
work.**

**Best relief food i know so far are grapes. Use it. (And perhaps milk
but this is tricky)**

**18 July -**

**Eate very much last night, bad sleep followed.**

**But everything is clear. There is no more unknown.**

**The one thing i'm sorry about is that once the food dukkha mechanism
develops, i no longer enjoy dota, movies, ammy.. only thing i desire is
more food.**

**Minutes of pleasure on top of hours of longing.**

**Overfeeding of Kaya sankhara 2.**

**Digestive system.**

**17 July -**

**Dhamma movement bathed in sun and music of the soul.**

**New peaks in mobility and strength unfol**

**16 July -**

**How can you rest.. if you don't move**

**And how can you move.. if you don't rest.**

**Got home, fucked, relaxed 3-4h, eated.**

**Energy was back up. Whole body feeling energzed.**

**Long walk with borsetuta, play run, some pull ups. Good shit.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain Guide**

**Firstly, get out of any known high dukkha patterns.**

**Secondly, Relax. Truly relax my friend. Without the back pain, you\'d
still be in the matrix. a NPC.**

**Observe the difference between relaxing to get rid of the pain (which
is not really relaxing) and relaxing in a natural way.**

**Thirdly, find the beautiful balance between moving and resting.**

**Resting should be done after moving and moving should be done after
resting.**

**Going full mode on any of them will result in more dukkha.**

**Lastly, navigate this line while enjoying life.**

**Don\'t let it become the center of your universe, as nothing should.**

**Causes & Reliefs**

**Whole left leg/line feels weaker.**

**Both in standing and hinging when loaded.**

**Causality breaks down in 2 bio-mechanical components:**

**1- Actively hinging - any pattern which causes mechanical tension at
LB area.**

**2- Passive compression - sitting/Driving/riding motorbike - the
breaking moment.**

**When the mechanical tension of Gravity collapses in the low back.**

**Weak LB area -**

**The lb muscles are weak and not engaging properly - therefore the
structure&extremely deep muscles taking the load-not the primal movers
muscles - in hinging patterns.**

**Here imbalances about left hamstring/glute/right LB area - can be
discussed.**

**Not sure how to achieve this.**

**Causality - Stress - Sympathetic system**

**The only common ground i can find in all peaks(both high and low) is
stress/dhamma levels.**

**This, for now, it is impossible to actively influence.**

**Causality - Imbalance in moving/resting**

**LB starting to feel different, now feels more stiff than inflamed.**

**So i moved.. moved the wole area and fascia.**

**Climbed balcony, some pull ups.**

**Definitely not worst.**

**But body still feels over-all tired/recovering.**

**Trained little bit at bar. - feel goood.**

**The magic may be in the balance between moving and resting.**

**What an amazing feeling to wake up to Ammy.**

**15 July -**

**Botanical garden trip came with lb dukkha - all around. (ride +
backpack walk).**

**Its worth mentioning that i was stressing about days before we event
went.**

**Worrying about trip, traffic, etc.**

**Got home and eate + watched netflix on chair. Good TV series.**

**After 3-4 hours, lb was feeling MUCH better and energy levels were
up.**

**Went for a walk which felt amazing.**

**For sure, there is a correlation between stress/sympathetic state and
back pain.**

**Be it regarding deep muscles adhesions or contribution to already
inflamed area, this seems to be the only mutual aspect in all low back
peaks.**

**Stress, full body deep tensions, flight or fight.**

**This state for sure fuels it.**

**Lb insta so so relief in serrum with relaxing the system through
breath.**

**Came in Ammy.**

**A child is a blessing and he/she chooses when to come, not me/us.**

**Low back feels gradually better.**

**It feels like the back line doesn't work interconnected, collapsing on
l4-s1.**

**The eyes, plantar fascia, when everything is activated and connected,
the lb feeling change.**

**For sure car brought dukkha.**

**Then all the movements which would bring slight dukkha, brought more
on top of the weakened system.**

**14 July -**

**Rings breathing decompression felt absolutely amazing.**

**Want to do some gym back extensions.**

**Perhaps that after the whole endless road i return to the beginning.
weak&atrophied back extensors.**

**13 July -**

**Back is starting to feel better.**

**As soon as i did some AF whc**

**12 July -**

**Perhaps the lbp only needs to truly relax.**

**This last week i\'ve been carrying around so much tension and
stress.**

**Relax my friend. No matter what you\'re doing.**

**Trust your body and relax.**

**When eating, walking, bla bla bla.**

**Just relax my friend.**

**\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**11 July -**

**LBP greatly persists, as do my attempts to understand&fix it.**

**It\'s preventing me from loving Ammy as i\'d want and more, from
living life as i\'d want to.**

**And the more i fear it and MICRO-AVOID everything i think it\'d be
triggering, the more intense it gets.**

**Running-walking-climbing seemed to be the only \"instant\" relief.**

**The solution in the present is to avoid patterns which i know make it
worse.**

**And more importantly, STOP MICRO-MANAGING.**

**TRUST YOUR BODY.**

**WHO are you to micro manage at such level? With what rights?**

**Just do your things.**

**For sure, something outside the daily activ**

**10 July -**

**Cottage experience.**

**New parts of my Ammy unfold.**

**Gabriela greatly triggered her greatest fear regarding us, her being
too old for a life with me.**

**This made her have a down vibe and retire on reading alone.**

**When i called her to join us play and insisted her reaction was:**

**\"You want lady like that?\" - immediately expressing whats happening
inside her through a joke.**

**When i digged deeper, she said \"i.. don\'t like \" - while blushing
and leaning down to avoid my eye contact. But yet it felt liberating.**

**Just as a little girl hides something from father and finally releases
it.**

**Later we had a \"talk\" and \"release\" during sex and afterwards
playfighting.**

**Her beautiful hand was trembling excited in the end.**

**Still, throughout all cottage experience a bad feeling persisted in
her heart.**

**This slowly build up in moments when we were all together, combined
with cold.**

**It is true i did not much like the dynamic either, Gabriela is such a
young spirit.**

**Her beautiful body dreamt bad and wake up feeling sick.**

**I also felt great dukkha in the air, balls, poo, back pain.**

**Plus, i forgot my laptop charger back home and much of the time i was
weighing my options and plans.**

**Finally, my little humans emotions released when i decided we go home
on Sunday for good.**

**\"I want go home, i want go home, i want go home\" - she told me on
ATVs on way back home.**

**Oh and everyting was realeased.. how happy and content her beautiful
heart was again. How much she loves home.**

**And i did too. I do too.**

**We get home and prepare to go to mom.**

**She was extremely adorably nervous.**

**What i did not know nor imagined, is that waiting us, mom heart was
also adorably nervous.**

**Only after a while i realise how much truly it also meant for my
loving mom.**

**Of course for me there was immediately dukkha from stories, social
ettiquete, smoking, already present back pain.**

**Beyond my triggers, something truly amazing was happening.**

**I never saw this part of my mother. And neither of Ammy\'s.**

**They loved each-other so much.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain - Emotional & Spiritual**

**Its like the back pain is preventing me to spend all my time with
Ammy.**

**A part of me feels she wants to spend all the time with me.**

**\"Enclose\" me, and this brings much dukkha.**

**Clearly felt in momnets like cottage \"i come with you everywhere\" or
\"don\'t forget mommy is home waiting.\"**

**This, depending on how I see the worlds, can reflect either**

**1.A Warning to a child who is afraid not to upset mommy so he acts in
a way which doens\'t affects her**

**or 2. The unconditioned love of a woman towards the love of her life,
her daddy.**

**It\'s all in how you think.**

**And even tho she misses me while i\'m gone, this gives beautiful
contrast.**

**I also miss her.**

**And for sure in her worlds, she talks to the man, not the scared
child.**

**Could be a great warning signal for excess.**

**Just as throat is for smoking.**

**Just as stomach is for eating.**

**Also, the sexual energy must be given light, for there are immense
changes happening.**

**For this, my brother\'s chakra work should bring some light.**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain - Mechanical**

**Back pain perists greatly throughout the day.**

**Many movements seem to fall into this weak link, ESPECIALLY when
observed and attempted to be fixed.**

**Just like quantum physics.**

**It is painful, but so much is happening outside it.**

**Would be a shame to let it become the center of your universe.**

**ITS CLEAR that the lower back is triggered and needs to calm down, be
it mechanical or emotional/spiritual issue.**

**FIXING it now and IDENTIFYING the issue is futile.**

**ALL CAN BE DONE now is relax and avoid any truly known patterns of
pain.**

**THE WEAKLINK COULD have been activated by CAR!!**

**It\'s absolutely clear driving causes LB DUKKHA.**

**And just as clear that i was constantly exposed to car mechanical
forces.**

**IT IS POSSIBLE once there is sufficient time exposed to LB DUKKHA
(\"nerve\" pressure), the whole kaya becomes inflamed.**

**ALL MOVEMENTS are affected.**

**What would normally cause slight dukkha which the kaya is already
adapted to manage, NOW its intensified.**

**Almost ANY mechanical tension now affects the area.**

**If this is the case, nerve inflamation must be addresed before
addressing the movement patterns.**

**Trying to fix the nerve by mechanical activations only makes it
worse.**

**LB compression. Anti-inflamatory foods and possibly meds.**

**Truly relaxing activities. Reading. Breathing.**

**Full body relaxed, free movement and walks.**

**With the purpose of expressing movement, not fixing the low back
pain.**

**8 July -**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain**

**Tension is immediately created on front delts activation.**

**Besides the muscles/fascial tension involved,**

**The newly modified structure meets new gravity forces, and it feels
like the lumbar l4-s1 does that, instead of the left glute/hamstring.**

**This instantly slightly pushes the herniated material onto the nerve,
compressing.**

**With left glute/core activation the tensions feels to deviate from the
lumbar weak link.**

**Exactly as when riding scooter.**

**Because my daily standing activities time greatly increased - thus
more time exposed to this movement archtype - lbp weak link is under
much more stress.**

**Its all gravity.**

**7 July -**

**Imagining Constellations with the different beings inside her make me
want to spend my life with her. Every single one of them. Every single
one both realms of the body and mind.**

Every "I" and every "Ammy".

\*Later edit: Oh young padawan, but you have not yet get to know Cool
Ammy, the dark Kali Goddess of Destruction.\*

Oh, and that "thing" that animates them all. How I see it in its most
true form when she doesn't know I'm watching.

I would spend a lifetime watching you without you knowing I'm watching
you.

Like watching a flower rise and open, without ever knowing it's being
watched. That's where she's most beautiful - the true un-filtered
expression of the soul.

And how fully I love it.

Experience it travel from the unconsciousness to consciousness when she
sleeps.

**Not ever part my heart from hers again.**

Until death separates us with one of us saying.

"I have to go.

Thanks so much for everything.

I love you all my heart.

See you in the next life."

**Imagining her death makes me want to spend my whole life with her.**

**Every breath I take until then it is a blessing. Dhamma.**

**And how my soul wants to express this to this.**

The mind sometimes tries to grasp the right words but fail miserably.

I feel It is truly expressed when there is no attempt to do so.

Like making her a sandwich with all my heart now.

**And how much i want to also share the falling asleep together with
her.**

Not eating alone then returning to bed.

But actually falling into the unconsciousness together with her.

This is the reason to fight my food dukkha for.

**Her food is heaven.**

**I now understand what the sayings about a woman making a man fall in
love with her food.**

I needed 5 years of food dukkha in order to feel the contrast.

**First thing she thought about when asking about bringing Atom here was
what would HE want.**

What a mother..

**She developed a new laugh.**

Happy and in love Little girl laugh.

I never seen this laugh before and neither do i think she did it.

Maybe with her father.

**How she learns how to love me.**

How to kiss, how to gently touch.

Its truly an amazing thing to experience.

Exactly how the beautiful minds wrote about true love. Exactly.

**6 July -**

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain**

**Beautiful new study material.**

Past few days had really given me the chance to study it more.

It hasn't been this flared up in a long time.

My heart is full.

Sexual energy not yet truly released.

Have not poo poo in 3 days.

------

Now to bio-mechanical side.

First thing to be noted is:

Started to flare up hard while driving.

Much much more time under tension. Under gravity colliding onto my low
back.

Standing time went up considerably.

Not necessarily standing still, but enclosed movement.

The car+bike ride could have caused the flare up.

Gravity pushing down on that specific angle.

All on lumbar weak link.

Bike: DFL pulling as i use legs exactly from that point of attachment,
combined with gravity pushing down and forward as the engine breaks.

That moment when muscles are relaxed and an unexpected, unprovoked
external force stimuli is applied. (Engine break)

This makes the spine and joints absorb it.

And so, collapses on my body's structure exact weakest link.

And once this is happening in repetitive manner with different
intensities, the whole lumbar area/fascia becomes inflamed.

This makes it almost futile to study it at its peak, as now it reacts to
almost any system activation.

Once the flare up had happened,

Standing a lot fed it.

Bending.

**5 July -**

**I have never felt so content with life as I feel with her.**

**Everything\...**

I have a feeling that I love that "thing" which animates her body.

More than love, I see it.

**It gets even more intense where i simply watch her from outside the
constellation she's in.**

When she's in another or more so, when she's alone.

When the self fully manifests without citta reacting to emotions and
already formed beliefs.

The life inside her.

Compared to what animates an animal, but different.

When she rode the bike.. my little Asian worker on plantation face.
Tired and under the sun.

**Last night she dreamed that I told her to leave back home and she was
unconsciously affected in the first part of the morning.**

**4 July -**

**And now the next chapter unfolds.**

Getting to truly know her.

Oh and how i see and love her shades, every part of her - even her
stupid loving imperfect smile.

**How she cut the carrots in the amazing soup\...**

How she moves - so imbalanced yet such a tall posture\... genetics and
lifestyle, my friend.

**3 July -**

**My Ammy arrived.**

Souls connected; bodies had grown estranged.

Her soul loves me, but her body is somewhat holding back.

In a matter of hours and laughers, her body instantly falls in love
again.

Opening up. Letting me kiss her intimate part of body, the armpit.

**Revelations & Theories - Low back pain**

It's all gravity. Instantly pain greatly triggered by gravitational
forces in driving manual car pattern.

Driving same. If Sati comes, driving frees of dukkha.

**2 July -**

**Letting the mind wander into the future what ifs and scenarios about
Ammy brings triggers and discontent.**

**The present my friend. Its all there is.**

**1 July -**

**How close is the present to dhamma?**

**What can be done to keep it dhammic?**

**The answer begins in the breath.**

**I somehow managed to convince myself, in all those already written
surroundings, that is ok the eat the 2 ice cream and milk.**

**And then, to keep eating shots milk cereals to calm down.**

**I honestly thought it could not harm. And then when dukkha was already
cultivated, that each extra bite will actually HELP.**

**Not a single bite was taken that being which quenches dukkha through
food thought it was bad.**

**At all times, this being truly tried to save me. The best it knew. By
eating more, cold milk, shots, etc. All time!**

**Din iubire.. din iubire absoluta de viata.**

**This being is called Save Bubu.**

**But as wisdom was gathered each time more and more, the recipe for
good, healthy, dhamma food and sleep is known.**

**So a great battle arises.**

**And the more stronger to "king", the more stronger "SaveBubu".**

**Both King and SaveBubu are doing their absolute best to treasure life
and cherish it.**

**But one of them brings great dukkha in his attempts..**

**While the other brings dhamma.**

**30 June -**

**Some relevant conditionings:**

**Masrubating conditions**

**1.not feeling to work out/stretch/mobility. And what an amazing
feeling that is. To move in all flavors without purpose.**

**2.Connection to Ammy and dhamma.**

**Dukkha Food conditions:**

**Digestive system - Kaya sankhara 2**

**Body feeling weak/heavy/tired**

**Body dysmorphia - feeling fat, oily**

**Great mind disconnecting from problems (numbness of the senses)**

**Smoking conditions:**

**(!GREATLY DEPENDENT on envinronment)**

**The Dhamma Graph.**

**How close is the present to the natural truth of life?**

**This becomes the only question worth asking continuously and addressed
in a way that keeps quenching dukkha and cultivating dhamma.**

**Once sufficient knowledge is gathered regarding spikes(as in the
cumulus of perceptions coming in through all senses) and their
effect/conditioning in both present and after, it remains only a
question of samadhi.**

**27 June -**

**My mother offered to pay for Ammy flight..**

**And her self-realization when we visited the apartments..**

**\"Dutu Dan Dutu Monica.. half of everything is yours**

**After 3-4 pm i am still lacking in wisdom-in-action.**

**A beautiful simple meal enjoyed on terrace with a simple realization
once again.**

**The path: Smoke - \> masturbate -\> eat while watching tV -\> over-eat
-\> repeat or keep going.**

**This is greatly greatly well seeded. And anchored in deep relaxation
and pleasure. An answer to stress.**

**It requires the will of a warrior to re-write it.**

**26 June -**

**I truly enjoyed and relaxed on scooter way home.**

**What an thing to experience on this scooter filled with pain before.**

**Meat my friend.**

**Is a primal bringer of dukkha.**

**Reflect on this.**

**The cosu awful chicken experience.**

**Repetarea lectiei.**

**25 June -**

**So much more bad luck on My loving Ammy and faith tries to shaken once
again our love.**

**As she needs more money for tooth cavities pain and her daugther is in
the hospital, possibly delaying her departure.**

**And just now as i was writing, more.**

**Her bluntly asking me for daugther military school tuition.**

**Like what the fuck, are we in this together**

**Once again, once food excess, dukkha, is truly quinched as the ks2
calms down, dhamma arises.**

**Oh how much the natural flow of life reduces to food..**

**Corelation food excess - masturbation must be observed.**

**They condition each other in a certain way.**

**And together they condition something far more serious.**

**The enjoyment of life.**

**Nothing else but continue waiting dukkha to settle a bit just to eat
again.**

**24 June -**

**Oh god my sweet little Ammy how much trouble in her way.**

**Teeth cavities and daugther is in the hospital now.**

**My sweet loving soul how much challenges she faces. And how strongly
with that serious adorable face.**

**Her aliveness facinates me the most of all**

**Watching his aliveness from a point where i\'m not interracting with
it, it\'s amazing.**

**Really feels like a video game.**

**Same feeling i had this afternoon with granny.**

**Exactly like characters in a video game.**

**When the self is gone and is not clinging so hard into what the other
persons are reflecting, the true magic can be seen.**

**Only then the game becomes truly enjoyable.**

**How amazing is it to be alive.**

**Father decided upon the name of the cottage.**

**Old Shepherd guesthouse.**

**23 June -**

**Man i feel so strong in my body.**

**More so, all phisical qualities improved.**

**More and more time spent in dhamma movement.**

**The movement where the mind is no more, only the body moves.**

**Stretches and body flows which nourish the fascial system just as**

**22 June -**

**As soon as i called AMmy, i instantly fell in love with her again.**

**Then masturbated looking just as her aliveness in a recorded call.**

**The magic of my Ammy cannot be enclosed in pictures, but in her
aliveness.**

**I have never experienced something like this.**

**How i feel her heart beating in every movement, breath, thought and i
am absolutely amazed by this little human.**

**KFC - bad decision - ever worst decision to wash it down / calm the
ks2 through bad milk (nature promise) and protein stuff.**

**21 June -**

**Dear Sir/Madam, your visa application has been approved.**

**20 June -**

**Realised that the only constellation i\'m \"hiding\" anymore is at
work\~octavu.**

**This triggered more when in my creation i did something bad and
started hiding.**

**19 June -**

**Very stressful day.**

**Alex's reconnect pressure, money, filming, work pressure and gafa cu
octavu on big cpr build-up, (ofc in my creation)**

**I created beautiful things regarding reconnect, but there was a price
to pay in food coping.**

**And once again, eating too much brought Bubu in my dreams.**

**How fascinating that after eating much last evening, i dream of bubu
and of his sickness crawling in, while i watch powerless as it takes his
life away.**

**You\'re eating to save Bubu.**

**18 June -**

**Moving is becoming.. magic.**

**Mister manual therapy - learning news ways to manipulate the fascial
system.**

**17 June -**

**Exercised.**

**16 June -**

**The will to climb awanked again, and this time for real.**

**Not to impress, not to meet girls, not to defy death, not to prove,
but to conquer mountains.**

**Watching 14 Peaks last night at 3 was something else..**

**I wouldn\'t have wished to watch it in any other circumstances.**

**\"At one time I was teaching at a local group and I arrived early. I
parked my car next to the most beautiful car I have ever seen. Now, I
have no interest what-so-ever in cars, but this was special. The
aesthetics were incredible. It was a bottle green Jaguar, low, sleek and
smooth. The interior was clean with deep plush seats and a polished
wooden dashboard.**

**It was like looking at a beautiful sunrise. I had no desire to own it,
but I could certainly appreciate it's inherent beauty.**

**I went in to the Dhamma hall to meet the only person there, a woman
whom I had met two or three times previously.**

**'Is that your car outside?' I asked.**

**'Yes,' she replied, but I'm not attached!'**

**There is a way to speak that people often use to convey the sentiment
that they know Dhamma. There is a jargon and a style that covers their
true non - understanding, and that they can talk about attachment,
kamma, suffering and the rest, as though they have already transcended.
As though they know.**

**The truth is however, that only people who don't know speak in this
way, those who carry Dhamma in their hearts speak naturally and honestly
about life, never making a show.**

**Those who speak do not know.**

**Those who know do not speak.**

**(Tao te Ching verse 128)**

**It is true that attachment is the cause of our suffering because in
the end, whatever we are attached to will hurt us. It is inevitable and
the proof of this, as with everything that is Dhammic, is found in our
ordinary daily life.**

**Reflect, why do you suffer?**

**The answer is always simple, it is because in this moment you are
attached to an idea of how things should be. The reality does not meet
your idea and so suffering arrives. Subtle or gross it is always like
this.**

**However, without fully understanding the words of the teacher we think
that we are being told that we shouldn't have any attachments, but this
is not the truth.**

**The Master tells us that whatever we are attached to will hurt us --
that's all! How we move with this is in our life is for us to discover
for ourselves.**

**Attachment is subtle and when we are attached to even one thing, the
whole universe of attachment is in front of us.**

**One student of mine told me once that she had no attachments at all,
except for her own bed at night. It doesn't seem to be very much, but
the attachment to this one simple thing opens the door for everything
else. From one attachment the whole universe of attachments arises.**

**So our way is always to be honest and recognise that attachment is
just attachment, no need to pretend it's not there.**

**It's not wrong to be attached, it just brings a consequence, that's
all.**

**Playing the Dhamma game in front of others has no value at all,
especially in front of the teacher, and liberation will come when we
realise that our suffering and unhappiness has a cause, and that we can
do something about it.**

**So, the next time you are unhappy, find a quiet place alone and ask
yourself, 'In this moment, what is it that I am attached to?'**

**The answer will always be the same, 'I am attached to the idea that
this moment should be different from the way it is!'**

**Once we accept the reality of this moment and surrender into it, there
is no space for suffering to arise.**

**Enjoy what can be enjoyed and let go. Endure what has to be endured,
and let go. This is true liberation.**

**May all beings be happy.\"**

**11 June -**

**Falled asleep last night with a contemplation of death and the
universe while listening to \"The Alchemist\" on youtube.**

**I wake up again with an inflamed ks2 and a feeling which embodies in a
way death. Stomach dukkha.**

**In the sense that i am hurting my body throughout my eating habits and
even more, the pain caused by my inability to overcome them.**

**How can i not be strong enough to overcome something i FEEL it\'s
hurting me?**

**The thought alone is so powerful.**

**Cmon.. It\'s been 5 years.**

**\"It will eventually bring death\" - Beyond reason and science, this
is what the the body is subtly saying.**

**Last few days i was oftenly reminded of the beautiful \"the mountains
are once again mountains.\" saying.**

**\"For the beginner, the mountains are mountains and the rivers are
rivers.**

**For the intermediatte who has began to study, the mountains are no
longer mountains and the rivers are no longer rivers.**

**For the enlighted student, the mountains are once again mountains and
the rivers are once again rivers.\"**

**My life feels like the journey of a hero.**

**My connection to the unconciousness from childhood and the restless
pursuit of finding enlightment. Beyond the socially accepted concepts.
The socla \"game\".**

**And i have found it, in many ways.**

**I have travelled to the other side of the world where i have, through
love, overcame my greatest fear of death.**

**I have crawled up the mountains in the night alone.**

**Brought light upon my most hidden thoughts and desires.**

**Re-united with my destiny and the life force which binds everything.**

**Life just flows unrestricted in my relationships and ways of life.**

**The greatest gift and more so, the greatest law to subdue as human
minds, is the freedom which life seeks to be manifested in.**

**I have unlocked it, and along it, the peace i have always been looking
for.**

**My connection to my body and fitness level is beyond what i could have
imagined. I don\'t feel like a fit guy. I feel like a warrior.**

**Who i have became would be my greatest childhood hero. A movie.**

**\"Calatoria eroului.\"**

**Yet, i am hurting life through a pufu bag and caju yoghurts at
night?**

**Really ? For almost 5 years now**

**How is this possible?**

**The last months i have focused restlessly in the never-ending patterns
of What i eat, how much, at what time, what combinations, what i am
feeling, what is best before, after..**

**Explore, explore, explore. I know by theory what i should eat and how,
yet unexplicabilly, it doesn\'t always make sense.**

**There are flaws in the results.**

**Perhaps.. there is something deeper ?**

**Perhaps, just as Johannes asked me yesterday, what is there still to
learn from this disease?**

**This made me contemplateing the return to the mountains i saw in the
beginnings but immediately dissmissed.**

**When my \"sickness\" started.**

**I don\'t know how or why it happened, but one day i\'m eating 10k
calories right before falling asleep and sleeping just fine, and
suddenly i get sick from 1k calories.**

**Reflecting upon it, this k2s sickness had many forms and flavors.**

**It hasn\'t necessary got better or worse, as it got different.**

**Yesterday\'s talk with granny about Bubu\'s disease, made me rethink
his whole sickness and death.**

**My disease started soon after his.**

**And it was not long before we mine would somewhat reflect parts of
his.**

**Constant burping after meals, bloated.**

**Except i eate too much, he eate too little.**

**After a while, he started losing weight and a powerful energy
surrounded him embodying death.**

**Especially when he was eating. The way he could not eat.. such small
and fearful bites like a sick, dying animal.**

**Death was crawling slowly.**

**Talking with Itu i realized the fine irony of it.**

**Some people cannot eat due to great sickness, and I eat too much and
cause sickness.**

**My beloved grandfather is slowly dying because he cannot eat.**

**I am slowly dying because i cannot stop eating.**

**Well, my friend. Quite a painting.**

**It becomes impossible to ignore that they could be related**

**Could it be..**

**You are eating to save Bubu?**

**Could it be that, on an unconciousness level, you started to eat to
save him?**

**Despite on the surface being somewhat \"unaffected\" of his sickness
and death, because - it was not happening to me, so it was far from what
i felt when i had the back trauma.**

**The fascinating thing is that i contemplated somewhat about this back
then.**

**It was so heart-breaking when i would over-eat and feel awful - then
go downstairs to their apartment only to see him in his awfulness.**

**I\'d feel so weak and more so, i am neglecting the gift of life
itself.**

**Life is so precious. I am, in a way, dishonoring life by deprivating
it to sustain that beautiful body-mind-soul alchemy which feels the most
dhamma.**

**The absolute truth.**

**But instantly dismissed it.**

**\"Nah, it could not be. It has to be food, sicknesses, viruses, bla
bla bla bla\"**

**So when i had a gastroscopy and the doctor used my results to show the
med students what a really healthy stomach looks like, i was left
studying finer stuff.**

**\"Nah, it must be food allergies, fine incompatibilities, amount of
gastric acid production because of bla bal bla bla\"**

**It definitely is a part of it.**

**But take last night.**

**Dhamma day. Amazing feeling in body, strong, powerful, good/not in
excess food, amazing connection to Bi, Ammy is well and at peace.**

**Yet, unexplicabilly, i eat pufu with caju yoghurts right before sleep
which really fucked me up.**

**Just like Bubu with his attempts to eat healthy, whole foods and most
importantly, not drink alchohol.**

**I was fully convinced that food played a huge, huge impact.**

**Especially, the alcohol.**

**It was the most the one thing he had falled into the \"Excess\".**

**Got drunk almost every 2-3 days for over 40 years.**

**Even often when he was retired.**

**But could never keep up the restrictions. Always gave up after a few
days. When feeling better. When wanting to \"taste\" his recipe of a
beautiful life again.**

**Just like ME.**

**What if, beyond all the precious knowledge you gather by studying
foods and how they bind and change the body\'s alchemy, there lies this
deep, so obvious yet bluntly ignored, trauma ?**

**Your best friend. Bubulet.**

**Man, he was in many ways the father you wanted.**

**Always had time for you, you were the most important thing in the
world to him.**

**Gave you money, took you with him.**

**Teached you his ways about women and money. About life.**

**As flawful as it was, those was his ways. And he full-heartedly passed
them on.**

**Your best friend.**

**He left you everything he had in both knowledge and \"fortune\".**

**In his dying bed he held your hand and dreamed about my wedding that.
For that is what enlightment was in his ways of life.**

**I remember the exact feelings of the moment he called me and told me
cancer had gotten him, he\'s been diagnosted with a late stage one.**

**I thought he was joking at first based on his tonality.**

**Soon after, he clinged to any hope until the last moment and enjoyed
life.**

**What if, my friend, the inexplicable force that drives your
\"sickness\", is the attempt to save your best friend Bubu ?**

**What if, the mountains are once again mountains?**

**The same mountains i saw in the beginnings and dismissed because it
felt soo science fiction.**

**Even though on conciousness level you are fully at peace with his
death and you feel his energy flowing through your veins, there was the
unconciousness at play ?**

**As i wrote this a powerful feeling emerged which made me full of
emotions and tears.**

**It felt just like i\'ve read about in Jung\'s work with pacients.**

**The moment where light is brought upon the unconciousness and the
\"sickness\" is instantly cured.**

**Just like it is portrayed in \"Freud\" tv series.**

**Fascinating.**

**As my friend Bhikku says,**

**Life should be harnested by 2 buffaloes.**

**10 June -**

**Bi story keeps unfolding.**

**What a queen. The art of seduction is strong in her.**

**9 June -**

**Masturbated thinking about Bi.**

**My mother\'s croissants moment. \<3 a staple in my relationship to my
moms.**

**8 June -**

** **

**Damn i look so fucking buffed. Legs are definitely much, much bigger.
I also feel heavier. Not in a good or bad sense, but just as a gorilla
who had eaten very well the past few weeks. Haha**

**And when i think that just this morning, 3 hours ago, i looked and
felt so fat.**

**The body and muscles are so deceiving. Do not get fooled by your
perceptions regarding it. The perfectionist view. Allow. Allow. Allow.**

**Although i don\'t feel so light as a feather as i felt a few weeks
ago. Nor do i look that lean. But nor do i feel so weak/skinny.**

**But i look really fuckin buffed.**

**I\'d say the ideal would be a few weeks of light gaining and a few
weeks of light losing.**

**But don\'t take it seriously at anytime, that you\'re too skinny or
fat or bla bla blabla. It will naturally flow.**

**Food is everything.**

**Again I am reminded that when in KS2 there is dhamma cultivated either
through fast or good food, the rest follows.**

**Always return to food and afterwards, breath.**

**When KS2 is relaxed and loved, breath follows. Expansion follows.**

**Re-connect.**

**As this happens after a moderately good sleep and good food, some
training, clouds regarding Ammy vanish and i can again full-heartedly
feel to be with her.**

**Food is everything.**

**When pleasure for life is seeked in food, it\'s already lost and great
dukkha awaits.**

**Honking after girls is so funny, and i once again go back to the
saying of Mountain are once again mountains.**

**7 June -**

**Clouds arise regarding ammy. And doubt.**

**Last few days i have really not been at peace with food.**

**Got tricked and tricked and tricked and tricked again..**

**Its not about sleep. Not only.**

**Its so much more than that.**

**When connection to dhamma way of eating is lost, connection to the
spirit is lost. To dhamma way.**

**My natural truth of life.**

**The frequency i could feel since i was but a kid.**

**IF there is true honesty in each meal, it can be clearly observed if
there is any dukkha.**

**This is where the tri**

**6 June -**

**System cooled down after big walk&training.**

**Night came and eate little yoghurt with biscuits and caju.**

**Well my friend, you knew caju really fucks up KS2. (Yeah but it\'s
just soo little - said the trickster and i believed him)**

**Then i fell asleep on the chair and woke up eating pretzels and
pudding.**

**All together.. ks2 awfully inflamed. And no sleep after 3 am.**

**At \~4 i eate a pear - that fucked me up even more.**

**Sati is gathering more and more.**

**Samadhi remains young.**

**And still, despite all - there is only the present.**

**After talking with Clau i realise how \"perfectionist\" i was reading
books.**

**You can also go through them like a story, not a lesson.**

**No pressure to learn anything.**

**Feel free to explore.**

**5 June -**

**Its clear that when any over-eating is done - solution is to get out.
Go.**

**Just as granny saying.**

**Along with many of her teachings. Life-changing.**

**Its really the best thing for a loaded KS2. Walking.**

**If you do over-eat and don\'t get out, but lay down on either chair or
bed (worse), the whole system will get fucked up.**

**So an agreement must arise before mind-body-soul that the evening
should cultivate a getting-out of the house activity - followed by none
or very little meal.**

**Throughout the day, simplicity should be harnessed regarding food.**

**Simplicity and moderation.**

**6-7 years of study compressed into these 2 words.**

**Anything else is Ego. Wanting. Lusting. Running. Dwelling in the
pleasure of senses.**

**4 June -**

**How food used in any excess blinds.. its fascinating.**

**It instantly disconnects Me from dhamma.**

**It feeds the Ego tremendously.**

**How it makes it cling..**

**And when i get absolutely filled with dukkha food, nothing is pleasing
anymore. I can find dukkha even in my Ammy.**

**Got home from bar and got tricked into buying and eating chocolate
after big yoghurt&caju meal. (which was already excess)**

**Then felt really bloated.**

**Gone for a walk.**

**Ended up in park. Trained. Talked to Ammy.**

**Slowly reconnecting with dhamma. The more i walked, the more i
charged.**

**Shower home. Talk with Spinu.**

**And now everything is different.**

**Same stream - Gorgc stream - is now greatly enjoyable compared to how
dissatisfied was just hours ago.**

**Summer night on PC with window wide open.. what a feeling from
childhood.**

**Amazing.**

**And God.. this position is comfortable**

**Oh shit.. what a disturbed sleep :(.**

**2 days loading up to dukkha food.. but especially yesterday.**

**Body was very tired, all the muscles and tendons need relaxing and
recovery. (what mind labels as dukkha)**

**This made me lower my guard, and the trickster instantly hit.**

**GG, Trickster.**

**There are clear neural patterns my friend.**

**The body and mind they must come to a true-hearted agreement change
it.**

**3 June -**

**Little call for say good night to my Ammy.**

**How in sync our minds are in our jokes and visions. Camping, mountain
poo poo haha.. fire**

**\"I dream of us every night, I really want to spend this last life
with you.\"**

**\"I will talk with your babe penguin every day about story mom and
dady penguin\"**

**As i read No religions in the peaceful aloneness at father's house, i
re-connect to dhamma.**

**This hypersensitivity of all senses can be observed as pure life
manifesting.**

**No "I", no "me". Just natural truth, dhamma, life.**

**As i leave and ride through the traffic and dust, its absolutely clear
that is dukkha, blinding and quenching of dhamma.**

**Return to thailand/nature/belis is clear.**

**Thailand also has something different, i am now remembered in this
reconnection that life there feels more whole regarding collective
unconscious and concious - and nature.**

**And just do this.. tune in to all the senses, work, read, reflect and
tell no man.**

**- but also Belis is a wonderful choice.**

**Do it 😀**

**No religion -**

**Dhamma language sayings:**

**Mouth is one and mind another.**

**Sticking gold on image's back**

**2 June -**

**It\'s clear that the soul is connected to the digestive system.**

**Even if i had eaten ice cream late and then EVEN SLEEP-EATED :)) puffs
and caju (heavy) - i slept good.**

**Woke up one time and then at 8 in the morning, with slight nausea.**

**The same recipe would had fucked me up reallly badly in other
nights.**

**But because my day was full of dhamma, with peace, ks2 was also filled
with dhamma.**

**And JUST as i made peace with destiny, she text me in the next second
that she's better and going home.**

**Ammy is in the hospital again. 3rd time.**

**She'd sent me video of her praying with her mother. For her safe
travel and to bless her path to me. Dhamma..**

**Reflecting on Ammy i realize true love and enlightenment came just as
philosophers foretold.**

**When i stopped looking.**

**And truly, the last week in Thailand, i really did stop looking.. i
felt my lady journey reaching completion with Lily.**

**🙏 But destiny had other plans.**

**It is beyond anything i could have imagined.**

**It is dhamma.**

**Today was the day i started to love her 2 missing teeth with all my
heart.**

**1 June -**

**Mother cottage day.**

**Beautiful insightful van ride.**

**Ammy said she'd also looove to do this, and it felt so truly.**

**Its crazy how binded our souls are.**

**How predestined.**

**How my face is starting to take her face's energy.**

**Crazy.**

**31 May entry:**

**As usual, my father told me happy birthday on children\'s day.**

**I love this man.**

**31 May -**

**So i just gave way to the feelings.**

**At night there was a peak when ks2 was also very inflamed, which
eventually led to feeling (and afterwards, dreaming) about not loving
her anymore in a dream where she has no teeth.**

**Of course the fight with mother also played a huge part.**

**Even though i was ALMOST convinved i can slowly eat the 2(3) pistachio
croissants, it was far the case.**

**There is something very dreadful for my body in the combination of
processed white flour with yeast, sugar, more sugar, fatty oils
(pistachio), etc.**

**Sleep very affected.**

**But great lesson.**

**I feel so in love with Ammy that looking at her pictures or videos, it
makes me want to cry.**

**Same body feeling as the shadow labels as complete extasy.**

**Purpose of life. \"Denying of love from HER\". \"Denying of life.\"**

**Wow.**

**But different. Even if its extremely arousing, it\'s different.**

**I don\'t want her to dominate me at all, and neither does she.**

**It manifests throughout all my body. Micro-muscles filled with emotion
and twitching at the thought of loving her. Of how much she loves me.**

**How simple and truly. Wants to do everything with me.**

**It begs the question. Is this how love can kill you ?**

**Is this how John Keats died?**

**The poet who, facing the imposibility of her love, he retired, wrote
\"When i have fears that I may cease to be\" - and died alone of
inexplicable disease.**

**I fear this.**

**Of course i over-eate last night.**

**And just as i\'ve recognized it being extremely similar as in
body-sensations to the \"shadow\'s extasy\", who i know for sure it\'s
ultimate pleasure and purpose is to end LIFE ?**

**Although in sensations of the souls it feels very different.**

**This is observed best when transposing the fantasy to reality.**

**How it would feel during and after the experience.**

**A \"Shadow\'s fantasy\" leaves an empty soul and disconnected from
dhamma.**

**But scenarios in which i\'m Loving Ammy in different ways fills my
heart.**

**It creates life.**

**What if the visa is not approved? Then this will continue for MUCH
more longer.**

**If i only knew she will be here on the 28th June, i could breath
again.**

**What if she stays for 3 months and then has to leave again?**

**And being more in love then, the \"shadow\'s extasy\" will be more
stronger as well?**

**Part with her again..**

**Should i no longer give way to it? - i often ponder**

**Block it, talk to her less, imagine less?**

**Fear that if i\'d give way fully to it, it would kill me.**

**Or at least make me MISS the present.**

**So in the attempt to not MISS the present, i tend to want to stop
giving way to this uncontrolabble thoughts.. and in the process, i might
be ironically missing the present.**

**Just as i write this, an allan wats \"song\" comes out of the coffee
shop speakers. He says only one phrase and then it\'s just music.**

**\"Don\'t take life too seriously\"**

**Hahaha :))).**

**Well, you\'ve done ALL it took in the people world to get her here.**

**All visa documents and shit pending. Rationally, It\'s out of your
control.**

**Sit back, relax, and enjoy.**

**There is no need to block anything, fight anything.**

**Give way to life to manifest freely.**

**Revelations & The - LBP and Digestive**

**Ok.. what if the digestive system is connected to the emotional? **

**It was never as intense as yesterday.**

**So even though i eate similar and not so bad, sleep was greatly
affected, and also state before.**

**How beautiful is life when the body is rested and ks2 relaxed.**

**Yesterday even though ks2 was relaxed, the mind and soul were restless
and full of emotions. Of dukkha.**

**This interconnected with the eating and produced the outcome.**

**So then.. it is really very similar to the low back pain.**

**Best i can do is observe it and not cultivate more dukkha.**

**More dukkha is mostly cultivated when i try to make it go away. Fix
it.**

**This is done conciousnesly.**

**And unconciousnesly, its bio-mechanical.**

**Both ends, equally important and interconnected.**

**29 May -**

**Visa, visa, work, visa, much much paper dick breaking.**

**28 May -**

**Oh my god.. the sleep was amazing.**

**Last 2 days i\'ve not fall into overeating and especially did not eat
anything hours before sleep.**

**I\'m amazed.**

**To be honest, i was afraid of going to sleep - therefore i would
prolong the moment by eating. And the cycle continued.**

**27 May -**

**Fascinating how slowly, as Ammy gets better, dhamma comes.**

**The light and aliveness of my face come.**

**How the thought of her being happy and well changes my alchemy.**

**26 May -**

**The trickster doesn't want to kill you.**

**He wants to save you from suffering. From dukkha. Be it sick Ammy,
feeling tired, work, lack of a women touch, reconnect pressure..**

**He is but a child..**

**I have a dream. Sleep on my stomach again and sleep all night without
waking up.**

**Oh shit.. 3-4 days in a row in which i eate very inflamatory foods.
Body started to give signs of acid burn, rather than nausea as usual but
i kept eating - reaching the peak yesterday.**

**Although not big episodes of over-eating, it lead to one of the worse
nights i had lately.**

**Of course my friend, the Ammy situation is also to be considered.**

**Everything connects.**

**\"I will fall one more time before i rise again and never be
defeated.**

**Let this fall be it.\"**

**How much power the trickster gets from dukkha..**

**How it blinds samadhi.**

**Its all connected to the breath.**

**Sati is well rounded. Simple food, simple meals, water and kindly turn
off the digestive system around 6 pm.**

**Regardless of how much food**

**Thats all. 7 years of studying.**

**25 May -**

**Time to take a break from smoking.**

**The only dukkha is that feeling of struggling so much to get her here
or go there and then it will not FEEL as i imagine.**

**Its so in the future that i\'m not even gonna bother continuing.**

**I just want to be with my mommy :(. No matter weather, where, bla bla,
i just want to see her stupid laugh and hear her english.**

**Just teh way it is. See her little bald head and kiss it**

**Ammy is very sick.**

**Contemplating in going to Ammy.**

**Moment with the cook, how funny he also has a boomerang with him.**

**24 May -**

**The office experience.**

**Ping pong tournament and embodiment of "my hero" from 7 years ago in
this circumstances, zabava.**

**I wake up feeling amazingly rested.**

**My body ready. Strong. Vitality. Life force.**

**Lets play.**

**23 May -**

**What\'s fascinating is that it did not feel like \"numbing\" myself
this time.**

**But eat mindfully. Not run. But experience. Write.**

**Slowly eate all 3 of them in the course of 2 hours, with slightly
stepping over the fully satiated state.**

**Beautiful that the craving is satisfied.**

**Slept pretty good considering this meal, woke up similar to when i was
a but kid and over-eate so much sweets.**

**Now, i have some croissants i\'ve really been craving. There are no
rules. Just observe what\'s happening freely.**

**And so it happened.**

**After 1 hour, the ks2 dukkha started to quinch and after 2-3 hours, it
almost cooled down completely.**

**I\'ve decided to eat yoghurt and cheese puffs. (4 gloante si 100g)**

**Stopping acordingly, should bring controllable dukkha.**

**I get home with the food and smoke. Proceed as usual to masturbate..**

**But here i think about Ammy.. about her sad and happy face, about
maybe never being able to have kids again..**

**It becomes so clear how much i love her.**

**How much i want to spend my life with her. Create life with her.**

**And just as with other girls, the thought of having a child would make
it clear as day that i don\'t want to be with them.**

**Creating life with them, out of what i felt towards them, would be
against what always felt to me the Natural Truth of life.**

**But with Ammy, the opposite happens.**

**The thought of NOT being able to have children with her feels against
the Natural Truth Of Life.**

**How fascinating.**

**Looking at her \"true laughter face\" .. my heart melts. I can no
longer masturbate. I just want to be with her.**

**What is poison ? Anything in excess.**

**Because excess is attachment.**

**Ammy is very bad.**

**I am completely in love with her english, her story, her laugh, face,
everything that she is.**

**Last night's earthquake brought light to a clear thought i'd reflected
before, as it found me with the digestive system inflamed.**

**If death was to come, i really wish i was not full of food and
inflamed.**

**But with a relaxed, empty stomach, although not starved.**

**That point where breath feels connected along with all the other
senses.**

**When there is no dukkha in the system(body) to bring fog upon this
experience of life.**

**When all flavors of life can truly be observed.**

**Contemplating this, it becomes clear how dukkha food can NUMB the
system.**

**The whole system.**

**It\'s amazing.**

**And how counter-intuitive finding death in that numbness feels.**

**As if the soul inside me saying**

**\"When death is to come, i want to experience a full death.**

**Not a half-death. In numbness.\"**

**For the first time in 6 years, i have gone through the dick breaking
to donate 3.5% to charity. Dhamma.**

**22 May -**

**Dhamma day until i was back home at evening.**

**After eating the avocado rice and little yoghurt grisine, i was
feeling very satieted.**

**But it was so good, so relaxing, my body felt like it was recovering
from the days..**

**So i ignored the rational thoughts and over-eate the yoghurt.**

**It was like in the snap of a second.**

**Just \"One bite\" away from ignoring the wisdom and legion of the past
and fall again into the same dukkha.**

**Dukkha started to rise.**

**I rested for a little while and continued with milk+jam.**

**Trickster said that this combo didn\'t greatly affect my sleep.**

**But it was so clear to be observed.**

**Kaya Sankhara 2 getting inflamed.**

**Woke up at 2:59 and was feeling pretty rested, but KS2 really inflamed
and i continue to hit some grisine+milk. I thought this would calm me
down and help me sleep.**

**It did.. in the trickster way.**

**I did fall asleep after an hour, but KS2 was worst.**

**The trickster definitely did not Bow.**

**It just pretends it bows and then hits hard. It is why it\'s the
trickster.**

**One thing to consider my friend.**

**As you cultivated greatness in other aspects of life, lover, magician,
warrior, king, greatness also got cultivated in the trickster.**

**It is now a true master.**

**An artist.**

**It can make you believe that milk will calm you down, that its ok to
finish that grisine pack and go for more, that it\'s ok to keep eating
and eating and eating.**

**Make the mind believe that it is the only way to truly relax in that
moment.**

**Of course, trickster GREATEST fuels are food, loneliness a dukkha.**

**Just like all forms of back pains, also the KS2 is to be observed in
all flavors.**

**Felt, experienced, observe everything it conditioned and everything it
is conditioned by.**

**KS becomes very shallow when KS2 is disturbed.**

**The fascinating process of healing?**

**A pattern arises..**

**You are in a place but your heart is not truly in peace.**

**Something really bad happens and that place is taken away from you.**

**The sickness no longer allows you to be there.**

**So you restlessly search for a cure.**

**Years go by.**

**After a long time, when the place you started from is but an echo, you
return to it.**

**But this time not to get lost in it, but to naturally surrender it to
the past.**

**And only after this step is done, you\'ve truly healed.**

**When you step out of a pattern by true-hearted CHOICE, not FORCED by
sickness.**

**Same were computer games for my back pain.**

**Or food freedom for my digestive issues.**

**Or riding a bike for my back pain.**

**Beautiful.**

**21 May -**

**Regarding yesterday\'s over-eating.**

**Good game, trickster.**

**See you soon.**

**Re-learned how to ride the bike.**

**Stop running. The pain you were pedalling so how to escape, it\'s
gone.**

**" My heart will go on " moment.**

**Who is a person when nobody is watching ? - One of the most
fascinating observations.**

**Especially a person you know.**

**I now understand what i couldn't explain about the vietnam old captain
Dan.**

**Later felt it with Ammy.**

**Now experienced buni walking. How beautiful.**

**How calm. How old. How slow.**

**And how different is when she acts as a Buffon.**

**in my creation of The world, that came with immense pain.**

**But its her dukkha.**

**And its reflecting mine?**

**25 de baroase la bara.**

**While doing muscle ups, the forth rep was really pushed out of the
fear of not being weaker than \"yesterday\".**

**Contemplate this before next workouts.**

**Also the freedom to take walks, calls, sips while doing \"sets\".**

**There are no \"sets\". Just play.**

**There is no pressure of how they should be done.**

**No science. Pure feeling. Freedom.**

**20 May -**

**But today..**

**Granny is filled with dukkha.**

**In mom meeting and energy was also forms of dukkha, especially towards
the end.**

**Upon reflection, is it still because i took it so seriously. Her
question, where it comes from, what it implies, and so on.**

**Immediately followed by getting fucked by the car pool for the 3rd
time.**

**And this time really good, messing up my whole schedule.**

**Of course, my little trickster was therefore slowly rising.**

**Eate frozen chestnut, even tho through sati i knew it would really
hurt my teeth and more so, kaya sankhara 2.**

**\"Its ok, Eat just 30-40g and stop\" - trickster said**

**Oh.. 200g later i find myself giving up the idea of mures and walking
towards the supermarket.**

**I eat some pumpkin seeds and want to order real food.**

**I order chicken burger & quessadilla but both are awful.**

**Eat some but i\'m so dissatisfied.**

**So i go to local store to get pufu, but they only have the greasy
cheese ones, which i know fuck me up really good.**

**Still, this time they don\'t feel that bad.**

**Continue with pufu + grisine + yoghurt.**

**I am so fucking full. I can barely stand up, feel my stomach is
exploding.**

**This is where trickster leaves the scene, leaving me in pain and
sickness.**

**What the fuck can i do now? Shit i did it again, body so inflamed.**

**\"The only thing that would help you now, its some coooold milk with
little chocapic bar\" - a familiar voice is heard.**

**So i rush to the supermarket - get a chocapic bar and then all kinds
of sweets.**

**I get home and insta hit a glass with milk. KS2 its kinda better.**

**So now my life only has 1 purpose - wait to digest for a couple of
minutes and then hit again.**

**I hit again a glass of cold milk with el knoppers.**

**Sleep rises. I know i have to fight it or my sleep will be bad, going
so full and KS2 inflamed.**

**I fall asleep on the chair for a little while.**

**Wake up and go to bed.**

**Sleep for 3 hours, wake up nauseated as the usual nights like this go,
even much less than i expected.**

**Have a glass of water and go to sleep again. This time until 6am.**

**I wake up feeling pretty rested, not by far so affected as i
thought.**

**There is only one thing to be said.**

**Good game, trickster \<3.**

**Good game.**

**See you soon.**

**A lot of dhamma in the last few days.**

**The conditioning of the Kaya Sankhara 2 is very clearly observed.**

**Only place worth paying attention to begins to be the loneliness
dinner and it\'s derailing, every night at home.**

**19 May -**

**Its out of this world how much Ammy loves me.**

**Both Contemplating our death in each-other arms.**

**How jealous she gets of Jane.**

**Cosu: daca nu te ascunzi in fata la a tai, nu te ascunzi in fata la
nimeni.**

**Let\'s play again this game of life.**

**18 May -**

**But when i got back home at night, the trickskter was waiting.**

**Got tricked and eate a lot of yoghurt + yeast fresh bread.**

**This fucked me up really good, kept waking up every 2 hours.**

**Good game, trickster.**

**Dhamma day.**

**Even masturbated at noon.**

**Started fantasizing about the image, but eventually reached climax and
finished thinking about slowly kissing Ammy.**

**What a feeling.**

**17 May -**

**MMA - what an amazing experience.**

**I love this guy\'s l**

**Vivo moment and mma contemplation - i\'d rather do that despite the
cold ride instead of just staying home with nothing to do.**

**Soul body agreement to start each meal anchored in breath.**

**In gratitude and minimalism. Mindfulness.**

**Food is sacred. Its really holy.**

**Quinch any dukkha before it arises.**

**You have sati. Practice samadhi.**

**At anypoint overeating OR eating dukkha food occurs, everything
becomes clouded with dukkha.**

**Especially when both occure.**

**It is the trickster most sacred task to trick me into falling into
both.**

**14 May -**

**Dhamma day. Nothing more to say.**

**Soul body agreement to fast this Sunday.**

**13 May -**

**Talk with Johannes.**

**"You need to make a conscious decision. Get rid of the trickster."**

**Just as the image bows before the KING, so does the trickster.**

**"Bow, trickster."**

**It is through the breath and into the dhamma that the trickster
bows.**

**Soul body agreement to start each meal anchored in breath.**

**In gratitude and minimalism. Mindfulness.**

**Food is sacred. Its really holy.**

**Quinch any dukkha before it arises.**

**You have sati. Practice samadhi.**

**So who are YOU?**

**The man who woke at 4 and trained greatness, or the one who over-eate
2 times consecutivily and did not sleep ?**

**Well, both of them.**

**In a way that neither of them discredit each-other.**

**12 May -**

**Filmed Re-Connect commercial at sun rise.**

**What a beautiful feeling.**

**RIP training on the floresti grass.. hmmm \<3.**

**Observing a food diary day for better understanding:**

**Breakfast around 10-11 some avocado + toast + coconut.**

**Really good, i felt energetic and second kaya sankhara also loved
it.**

**But for lunch, my t-spine pain was triggered from before workout and
my body very tired. It truly longed for sleep.**

**But i have a Better idea. Eat :\>**

**I think and become attached to eating comfy food while watching tv
series. So i find the least-filled dukkha combination to do so.**

**50-100g grisine + 400g yoghurt will suffice.**

**I start eating and it tasted amazing, i don\'t want this moment to end
soon.**

**Connection to breath is no longer concious.**

**After 50 grisine and 400g yoghurt i feel more than satiated.**

**But far from full.**

**\"Its fine its easy food, will not inflame the ks2\"**

**I can feel dukkha already rising and cultivating more dukkha.**

**But the trickster, the dark side of the magician archtype in me,
persuades into thinking its fine, it will not hurt me.**

**So i continue.. until 100g grisine and 800g yoghurt is consumed.**

**Wow.. now 2 things are clear.**

**I somewhat over-eate. I should stop now. Anymore food is definitely
gonna cultivate dukkha.**

**But as i stand there in the same envinronmental alchemy (tv series,
closed room air, body position), i cannot stop.**

**I\'m gonna rest a little and immediately go for more food.**

**I rest for 20 min, the ks2 calms down and begins to switch from
\"eating\" to \"digesting\".**

**Body is feeling pretty good, the cultivated dukkha is minimally
impacting my current state.**

**Still, this pulls me far from dhamma-state.**

**There is no awareness to kaya-sankhara.**

**Just as i feel ks2 is slowly calming, i jump to get more food and
cotinue my fantasy.**

**But it is not in the same frequency any longer.**

**Because more dukkha is present with each bite and i have to put a lot
of energy to ignore this and only focus on the pleasure of eating.**

**Soon, more dukkha fills my mind, as each bite is now also hurtin my
fitness progress. And clearly hurting my digestive system health.**

**I finish some snacks and i\'m really full now.**

**\"What now?\"**

**Dukkha is all around.**

**I have no energy, no mood for seeing any people, no mood to work or
watch anything valuable.**

**My whole body\'s energy is now directed at dealing with this
inflamation and over-fed digestive system.**

**\"The only way out is to keep eating.\" - says the trickster.**

**Yes he\'s right, in a twisted way.**

**But at this point is clear that any bite will now GREATLY bring
dukkha.**

**Mind keeps multi-tasking, finding content in nothing.**

**I keep switching between tv series, YouTube, TikTok, messages.**

**Nothing is peaceful.**

**All is done to ignore the ks2 inflamation and ironically, ks2 dukkha
follows everywhere.**

**I know already that at any point this happens, one clear way to
cultivate dhamma, is go for a walk. Move. Experience life outside the
eating.**

**\"Ok, Do this for a little while and then get something good, more to
eat on the way home\" - the trickster whispers.**

**Ok trickster, i\'ll play your play, because i know this will cultivate
dhamma and once i am done, i will have more control and not fall into it
again.**

**So i take my bike around the forest.**

**Beautiful experience. I love each breath.**

**My body is indeed very tired from waking up at 4.**

**I want to be home and rest.**

**KS2 beautifully calms and need for rest&sleep arises.**

**I can feel it damaged, but dhamma arises.**

**I don\'t want to be extreme and not eat anything at all, so i\'m gonna
have a little meal.**

**Of course, some dukkha was still there. This fueled the trickster to
play his part and persuade into getting something i\'d could eat&watch
tv series.**

**I see him and i reach somewhat of a compromise.**

**Little milk + protein bar. Its the best i could come to, which would
somehow keep at bay the dukkha.**

**So i get home and stop by granny\'s.**

**\"Take 3 biscuits also, the protein bar is really just 70g..\" -
trickster whispers**

**Ok.. i guess 3 biscuits are fine, as my Ks2 is really at calm now and
i can truly feel that eating just this protein bar will end my day with
less energy eaten than consumed, which my body was telling me not to.**

**I take 4 biscuits.**

**On the way out, he whispers again:**

**\"See that little bag of tortizi, which is more than half empty? Take
it, you\'ll see how you feel. Maybe you\'d enjoy it\"**

**I instantly do it and get home.**

**Of course, i knew tortizzi is one the of snacks which inflames me most
in medium-high quantities. But only a little bit.**

**Exactly the same process unfolds as at lunch, connection to breath is
completely lost and i hang on to the pleasure eating creates until i
finish everything, and even more.**

**I\'m so fucking full. And tired.**

**I have no energy to go for a walk now, or even stand in a position
that aids the ks2 in digestive.**

**I go to sleep. I breath heavily and nausea.**

**But this time, one of the most dukkha-filled sleep followed.**

**As i layed in bed, i felt so bloated and full of heavy food.**

**But i was also really tired, so i fell asleep.**

**I wake only 1 hour later feeling nausea and run to the kitchen for
some milk and other to calm it down.**

**It \"CALMS\" down, in a way that it pushes down the enourmous gastric
acid for a little while, before it all comes back up, maybe even more.**

**So i fall asleep again, only to wake 3 hours later, now feeling even
more nauseated. So much dukkha.**

**I run again to the kitchen and this time i eat more, some vel pitar
biscuits (sugar,oil) - with milk AND - its not enough, i chug some
honey.**

**Rationally, it makes no sense.**

**But instinctively, it works like a quick \"pill\" which allows my
tired body to fall back asleep, no matter how shallow on the long run.**

**I go to sleep and finally wake again in the morning, feeling again
nausea, hard bloating, ks2 filled with dukkha.**

**Well of course.**

**To summarize, it all started with a great 2 hour over-eating.**

**And the over-eating started because i was eating to relax and get
pleasure - get out of some body sensations i labeled a low - combined
with innertial behaviors and already programmed chains of thoughts.**

**Then, calmed down and when night came, i do the exact same thing.**

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Of course, some things must be considered, which greatly impacted the
outcome:**

**I was alone and very tired.**

**The body will tend to eat the same amount of energy it consumed and it
is bio-chimically programmed to do so at night.**

**Ammy filled with dukkha**

**Masturbated**

**work pressure i had no mood to do**

**Plus thousands of other constellations and happenings. (in-house air,
no feminine love, neck pain, dust in the air, and on and on and on.)**

**Kaya**

**11 May -**

**As long as YOU keep trying to CURE your food habits, there is
dukkha.**

**When there is no more attachment to the curing, no more filtering of
what is to be eaten and how, then the eating will naturally return to
dhamma way.**

**And this is not to say that all knowledge gathered will be in vain,
but the opposite. That it will truly allow it to be used, beyond
attachment to \"curing\".**

**Just let it flow.**

**You have nothing to heal.**

**How amazing it is to play on the playground i created.**

**HS, push ups, stretches, wand play, man i really love it. I want to
spend more time there.**

**This afternoon\'s food which i labeled as dukkha - because it was
clear i overeate -**

**Interesting how the more i overeate, the only solution was
overeating.**

**Until one point, which i felt very full. Did not want anything more,
even tho i got home with more.**

**At that point, eating more did not feel like the only solution.**

**Stopping eating came efortless.**

**- managed to turn it into dhamma again, through little home workout.**

**Ammy wanted to call me just as i was about to smoke, masturbate and
eat more**

**Instead, i started to train, did not masturbate and eated little
chicken.**

**Body is slowly restoring.**

**Second Kaya sankhara is slowly recovering.**

**After last night contemplation, i got home drained and started
eating.**

**It must be considered that i was hungry and i a big deficit for the
day.**

**So after eating grisine&yoghurt, i still did not feel satieted,
although i was feeling full.**

**So took a little break and kept eating - choco - milk - more
grisine.**

**Until one point which i felt fully, even over-satieted - this was
pretty close to sleep time.**

**Still, i slept pretty good and nausea was moderate.**

**It is a true art in dosing dhamma food across the day so when night
comes, the body is not shouting for more food out of survival
instinct.**

**10 May -**

**Contemplation of life with Ammy feels complete.**

**Earlier, in the midst of dukkha, there was this feeling of her getting
here and me feeling "oh ok, now what?"**

**But a short reflection on my life, symbols, my connection to her, path
that led me to her.**

**A indisputable Synchronicity.**

**How she loved the purest, most honest parts of me.**

**Calling her mommy, seeing and loving me just as tommy.**

**And the journey i'd walked to get to that point of being able to
express most truthfully.**

**And her journey.. it transcends life itself.**

**My heart is fully content with being together, like never before.**

**Deeply cleaned the room, the back of the pc and all. How much dust,
incredible, absolutely incredible.**

**Its home dukkha. At it must be addresed through different methods
(plants, cleaning, etc)**

**Powerful morning \'meditation/sleep\'.**

**If you want to see how a food makes you feel, if it is truly dhamma or
not, go into a meditative state and eat it there. Then you will know.**

**See if you have any regret, any dukkha after eating it, and then
decide upon this.**

**9 May -**

**\"Desteapta-te romane\" - how much power is in this.**

**The strength which i found in hundreds of generations far away in
ancient civilizations, can be felt much closer to the present.**

**Just 2-3 generations away.**

**8 May -**

**How i took seriously the conversation with Billy(again returning to
people language) and then the thought of Tudor, the cream starting to
wear off, pain, and this is when it got even more serious.**

**In this process i lost awareness of the kaya sankharas.**

**And how peaceful it feels regaining it.**

**Oh... this is what meditation is.**

**The constant returning to kaya sankhara.**

**How peaceful**

**Tattoo day.**

**Oh how much i've waited for this.**

**Its clear how i have to tune down into their level of consciousness.**

**Listen to complains about clients and art..**

**People language.**

**All that needs to be done is not take it too seriously.**

**Notice the breath.**

**Kaya sankhara has not left for a second since I had last paid
attention.**

**Recognize it. Contemplate in it. Calm it.**

**How the waters clear..**

**Observe how this beautiful happening is conditioned by a calm,
dhamma-fed, second kaya sankhara.**

**Bringing light to both kaya sankharas completely shifts the body's
alchemy in the way of the dhamma.**

**And the Ammy story deepens.**

**Facing yet another challenge.**

**Israel man learning about us.**

**Of course this came with great dukkha.**

**I believe in you mommy.**

**7 May -**

**Interesting how in the afternoon i overeat(pretzels and yoghurt).**

**How convinced i was it will bring no Dukkha and how it slowly
cultivated.**

**Till one point i'd not even want to speak to Ammy, not walk, not
train, nothin but rest and cooldown so i can keep eating.**

**Still, i did talk to Ammy and restrained from eating.**

**Then did some pull ups as full as i was and it instantly cultivates
dhamma.**

**Felt the hunger for more and had a pretty fuckin amazing bicep-pull
ups workout.**

**Eate moderately the ordered pancakes and still, slept pretty good.**

**How fascinating the body wakes me right before second kaya sankhara
sickness manifests.**

**Its not as much about how late i eat, but more about type and quantity
i eat in one sitting.**

**This is to be observed more carefully.**

**Of course, the only place worth studying in is the present.**

**Sent money to Ammy for visa and school.**

**6 May -**

**Even if the abs are no showing yet in terms of reflecting body fat, i
start to look really skinny in the mirror.**

**This is judging by aesthetics.**

**But by feeling.. i feel really strong, agile, resistant.**

**During the forest hike, it was clear i was in the best form.**

**So just trust your feelings my friend. Fuck how you look in the
mirror. Fat or Skinny.**

**Trust your feelings**

**Yesterday eate mostly dhamma food + movement.**

**Dhamma food can only be assesset in the present.**

**Slept pretty good, did not wake up during the night at all.**

**Morning came with slight slight nausea.**

**5 May -**

**Walk with Johannes.**

**\"What is Dhamma Food ?\"**

**Ammy\'s story. Leaving behind the money dukkha and stop loving her in
half-words.**

**Truly love her, accept everything she is. A mother.**

**Full-heartedly accept whatever money is really needed for her to
peacefully join you for a 3 months love story.**

**Another great lesson.**

**After dhamma meal last afternoon, i convinced myself that the pancakes
are good food so i kept eating - then added milk and yoghurt - then bla
bla bla - already i was lost in the cultivation of dukkha.**

**Second kaya sankhara was already so full and inflamed.**

**So then i just kept going and going.**

**Until a clear realisation comes again to mind.**

**That the answer is always in the present. No where else, everything
else are but stories, not reality.**

**So i stopped eating and went for a walk. This helped a lot but still i
slept& woke up feeling bloated and inflamed.**

**Always in the present.**

**4 May -**

**You are not the story you tell yourself.**

**But you are the manifestation of that story in the present, open and
more so, uncontrolabbly changing in this beautiful dance of
kaya-vedana-citta-dhamma.**

**Then it becomes clear, just as Pelicanu said, you are absolutely
healed from emotional eating at times.**

**At times, there is a flow of dhamma beyond kaya - kaya sankhara -
second kaya sankhara**

**This sets a powerful dhamma root to allow the rest of life to unfold
beautifully.**

**Last few days I slept nid noi, but i know exactly why. As every night
ended with eating \~moderate dukkha food.**

**I can feel it binding with second kaya sankhara and echo-ing in all
systems.**

**Yesterday after just a few corn puffs and 3 chips, it was clear this
was far from dhamma food, so i took it out.**

**But fate had it that as i overeat bread and lactose products (which
clearly and instantly trigger body rashes), dukkha was cultivated and i
went down to get them.**

**So i eventually eate them.**

**I get into bed after a while and i feel the second kaya sankhara
filled with dukkha and working.**

**But i know exactly why and how.**

**There is light upon the unknown.**

**I no longer want to enforce no eating past 6 or 7 pm. That would be
extreme.**

**But again and again, connect and listen to the senses.**

**3 May -**

**Pains & Revelations - Low Back Pain**

**The weakest link.**

**The G-forces applied to the body will search and target the body\'s
weakest link.**

**Of course, this greatly depends on the envinronment and time of
exposure.**

**Driving home from Cosu i could feel everything.**

**The DFL as i accelerated and not hold into hands.**

**The Back line as i break.**

**Both of them being anchored and utterly dependent on the weakest
link.**

**2 May -**

**Filmed commercial.**

**My lbp was very triggered before the guys arrived, and it got worse as
we were talking and later, climbed towards the heart of the forest.**

**I\'d keep checking my phone to see if Ammy had dm-ed me. A lot of
dukkha.**

**I had doubts about everything - script, message, place, risk of
getting fined for fire, my low back pain, Ammy feeling bad, and on and
on and on.**

**But then i found a magical place, quiet and beautiful. Perfect for
what we needed.**

**So i shouted out for the boys and we started preparing it. We carried
the rocks and i prepared the fireplace.**

**We cleaned all the dried leafes on a big surface, so the forest is
safe from any fires.**

**Without realising, the low back pain was completely gone.
Completely.**

**Then everything unfolded beyond any expectations.**

**1 May -**

**Met mom.**

**Some powerful triggers, but how amazing to learn the place they're
coming from.**

**Cosu is getting wiser and wiser in my eyes.**

**He is far from a worldling.**

**Cybersecurity talk and plan.**

**I always truly loved his imagination and wanted to do something
together.**

**30 Apr -**

**Interesting how mommy ignoring me doesn't trigger at all my sexual
shadow.**

**True love effect?**

**Ended up masturbating thinking about making love to her.**

**29 Apr -**

**Eate half pizza 1h before sleep.**

**Second kaya sankhara clearly felt dukkha.**

**This made me keep waking up but rested very good**

**28 Apr -**

**And the cosu arch-type starts to come together.**

**Each morning, you wake up with the chance to cultivate dhamma.**

**Singuru mod in care poti invinge fara indoiala sarpele, e sa te prinda
"seara" cu dhamma cultivata pe toate planurile.**

**Awareness to kaya sankhara and calming it when neccesary.**

**Dhamma food all day.**

**Apartament curat.**

**Work done.**

**Training&movement done.**

**True&freely-expressed connections.**

**Steps towards your dhamma purposes.**

**Sun exposure.**

**Fresh air.**

**Continuously quinching any dukkha that arises.**

**And lastly, the return into the arms of a loving angel.**

**Dhamma food - getting out of house in comfortable wearings - music -
bringing awareness to breath.**

**How it changes my body's alchemy, tuning into dhamma.**

**Johannes beautiful pov:**

**(Enya - Only Time)**

**" Interesting**

**I see it as stop craving. Accept where you are right now in every
moment. This doesn't imply a life in solitude. It "simply" is the void
mind, that Buddhadasa described so beautifully.**

**In my creation, it starts by observing yourself, which gives you the
opportunity to decide which story you are choosing at every moment.**

**This is something I am "working" with right now.**

**When I see myself lost or attached to an outcome, I simply ask myself
the question, "where do I want to go?"**

**This helps me to connect back to myself and let go of my
story/dukkha.**

**This of course is a process. I am not at mastery yet. Anyway, I can
see where I create dukkha."**

**Incredible how in just 15 min of eating, dukkha arisen to overcome all
cultivated dukkha and, in the process, ignited the fire for so much more
dukkha.**

**Tread Carefully, my friend.**

**The power of the dark side lures subtly in excess and dukkha food.**

**Looking back, work definetly cultivated dhamma but i was left drained
of energy.**

**Still, my heart craves the love of a woman. So, when evening unfolded,
i was left alone and what i Felt, hopeless for tonight.**

**And i did not win that battle. Sati and samadahi were not strong
enough.**

**So dukkha came in the form of smoking+masturbating. A safe bet =))).
Still, somewhat i convinced myself it could be done without much
dukkha.**

**Ironically, this happened right after i \"rushed\" Ammy and Alex.
Indeed i was tired and did not want to talk, but my heart did not want
to masturbate+eat either. Kaya did, because it is used to find great
relaxation and recovery in these mechanism.**

**So i did it.. then rested for a while until i started eating.**

**Defeat, my defeat.**

**My solitude, and my aloofeness**

**You are dearer to me than a thousand triumph**

**And sweeter to my hear than all world glory**

**Defeat, my defeat.**

**My self-knowledge and my defiance**

**Through you i know that i am still young in the swift of foot**

**And not to be trapped by withering laureals**

**And in you, i have found aloneness**

**And the the joy of being shunned and scorned**

**Defeat, my defeat.**

**My shining sword and shield**

**In your eyes i have read**

**That to be entroned is to be enslaved**

**And to be understood is to be leveled down**

**And to be grasped is ot be reach one fullness**

**And like a ripe fruit to fall and be consumed**

**Defeat, my defeat.**

**My bold companion,**

**You shall hear my songs and my cries and my silences**

**And none but you shall speak to me of the beating of wings**

**And urging of seas**

**And of mountains that burn in the night**

**And you alone shall climb my steep and rocky soul**

**Defeat, my defeat**

**My deathless courage.**

**You and I shall laugh together with the storm**

**And together we shall dig graves for all that die in us**

**And we shall stand in the sun with a will,**

**And we shall be dangerous.**

**\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**Again, but one question arises:**

**Are you eating to relax or to fuel the body?**

**If to fuel, you would not need to watch stuff and kaya sankhara would
be still throughout the eating.**

**Dhamma food eaten the dhamma way.**

**I Eat this Food in the way of the Dhamma.**

**27 Apr -**

**Working 3-4h+. Dhamma cultivates.**

**Yet still i get home finally wanting to \"Relax\" watching a tv
show. **

**So i begin eating corn puffs with yoghurt.**

**Again, until overfull. Then walked. A shorter walk than yesterday.**

**Got home and eate again. More and more.**

**Sleep awful, kept waking up with second kaya sankhara very inflamed.**

**Best sleeps in a while.**

**How, tho ?**

**Last day i\'ve eaten corn puffs till overfull.**

**Then walked for 3 hours to digest.**

**Finally, i got some with second kaya-sankhara beginning to relax and
eate again until full. (bread + yoghurt mostly)**

**Still, had the best sleep in a while.**

**26 Apr -**

**Sleeped better, still second kaya sankhara feels inflamed and
agitated.**

**It needs time and food loving kindness.**

**25 Apr -**

**Changing work to monitor changes everything. This is the first step to
start quinchening of work Dukkha.**

**Re-discovering cooking?**

**I prepared my food in loving kindness and exactly how i wanted. Dhamma
begins to cultivate.**

**I observe the breath becoming calm and the kaya following. I\'m
cutting the food like my grandmother. There is no hurry. No
destination.**

**Cleaning followed. More Dhamma.**

**As the kaya sankhara 2 (digestive system) begings to calm down, the
fog lifts.**

**Once again it becomes clear how interconnected with food this state
is.**

**And how, once arisen, dukkha will create magneficent delusions and
emotions in order to cultivate more dukkha. Like last night few biscuits
with Yoghurt.**

**But cooking the dhamma way.. i\'m eager to explore it. Perhaps it\'s
the missing piece.**

**Awful sleep. Woke up 3 times because of stomach acid.**

**It becomes so clear tho.**

**So much gastric acid was needed for yesterday's food and night food.
Timing, quantity and quality were all off.**

**Plus dukkha food.**

**What is this beautiful body to do with all that acid needed for
digestion when food is done digesting ?**

**I don't want to enforce anymore rules, but once again i am reminded
how everything starts from food.**

**24 Apr -**

**The walk to clinic experience.**

**Running 😳♥️**

**Eate so much at night. Perhaps the dukkha i felt in Ammy contributed.
Definitely yes. The thought of that retard forcing her in anyway is
overwhelming.**

**But also an amazing chance to observe how food is not the answer, but
time is.**

**Its fascinating to observe the fine line where i was satisfied in
hunger by the banana cake, but then kept eating.**

**Then felt bloated and just kept going and going.**

** Of course, it is worth considering that the body will always tend to
consume the amount of energy it burned during the day.**

**If this doesn\'t happen during the day.. it will tend to happen at
night.**

**So as that 8-9 pm hits, its not only dukkha that is causing you to
emotionally eat and affect your sleep.**

**But it\'s also the body trying to survive the best it can.**

**It\'s also the innertial behavior of years.**

**All of them must be truly known and seen in order to cultivate dhamma
habits.**

**A beautiful thing to contemplate as night unfolds and the body is
preparing to sleep.**

**Imagine you are returning in the arms of a loving angel. To rest. To
sleep.**

**Create a body alchemy throughout breathing, food, water, supplements,
prays which is most in sync with this picture.**

**You would not go bloated or full of sleep, you would not escape in
watching tv series until you fall asleep, you would not snack in
uncomfortable and pain triggering body positions. No, you would create a
peaceful mind-body symbiosis in which the digestive system is slowly
turning off.**

**And in turning off perhaps the greatest system in the body, which
feeds all others, the soul reveals as it lovingly flows towards the Arms
Of a loving Angel.**

**23 Apr -**

**Second date with Ramona.**

**I felt i wanted to give this connection one more chance as i felt more
anchored in the fact that i don\'t have absolutely anything to lose.**

**I\'m gonna do exactly what i want, no matter what.**

**I told her to wait me at vivo for i didn\'t feel like picking her up,
told her to buy some leggings and wait me in them.**

**Beginning of the date was oscilating between my frame of being
authentic and natural and her frame (with her beliefs and triggers which
further triggered me)**

**I told her even about this.**

**\"Ai un mod de a reactiona in care pare ca vrei sa ma ajuti sa vad
calea corecta/salvezi si e enervant.\"**

**Then she did it again. And i emphasised it in a joke**

**Slowly, she was entering my frame.**

**And slowly, everything changed.**

**I started doing exactly what i want. I really don\'t care if she
doesn\'t like it or wants to walk away.**

**This is me :).**

**So let\'s eat your food half-half.**

**I\'m not gonna pay for your food, i think it\'s fair u pay for them.**

**You didn\'t get leggings? Let\'s go together and buy.**

**Wait here.**

**You cut the ginger.**

**Bla bla bla.. ma exciti.. bla bla bla imi provoci o erectie. Vino sa
te imbratisez acum strans, bla bla bla, flow flow flow flow - the raw
natural flow.**

**2 hours in, i was feelings absolutely amazing.**

**And right at that moment, i felt fully content with spending time and
the night with her.**

**Father\'s words: Da sansa femeii sa o cunosti, s-ar putea sa-ti placa.
Nu fugi.**

**E vina ta ca iei orice in serios daca te ataca.**

**22 Apr -**

**Dhamma day. Writing, training, flowing, working, incasat bani de la
gogu :)))))**

**21 Apr -**

**Date with Ramona. Drained energy and life force out, it\'s like she
doesn\'t see me and i keep trying to push it (only part of the
interaction, most of it flowed naturally despite this)**

**A lot of dukkha was felt after the date.**

**The only way of out it i could see was going home and eating.**

**So attached to this that i didn\'t even want to eat anything with
Gogu, because it would rob me of the pleasure of getting home and eating
alone, watching a TV series.**

**Not as much about hiding, but about her being on a different frequency
than me (on my frequency of life of course)**

**Sleep, night and morning were about 6.5/10.**

**It\'s clear that the baked chips did not have room there.**

**20 Apr -**

**I am not affected by what people do/feel, but what they do/feel in my
creation.**

**I subconsciously put labels on their actions and feelings and the
citta-vedana complex reacts accordingly.**

**Of course.**

**The magic is not to get too attached or judgmental and give peope the
benefit of telling their own story.**

**Compassion.**

**Sleep, night and morning were about 5/10.**

**Its clear why.**

**Dukkha cultivates food dukkha which cultivates more food dukkha.**

**The flow of nature must be respected.**

**The changing of day to night must be respected accordingly.**

**19 Apr -**

**And another deep realisation follows, perhaps one of the deepest:**

**Trifoi cu patru foi.**

**My guardian Angel.**

**A random playlist is playing on youtube.**

**Without realising nor controlling, i start singing and dancing on a
song. Felt powerful.**

**Cargo - \"Ziua vrajitoarelor\"**

**But i payed no attetion to the words.**

**I return to it again after 15 min - this time on purpose, cause it
felt dhamma.**

**Only when i replay it i realize the connection to this night\'s
experience.**

**Amazing.**

**Wow. What a night.**

**I wake up at \~2. My stomach is heavy, my teeth hurt like never
before, not one, but all of them.**

**Open phone. Message from Ramona.**

**Intuition tells me she\'s cursed me, either in conciousness or not. So
i continue to research and filter hex rituals and protections. Then
proceed.**

**Dukkha quinches slowly.**

**IN MY CREATION, intuition (thoughts which cannot be controlled) was
pointing me to the Dukkha in Ramona caused by me.**

**The \"hiding\" of Ammy, hiding the truth that i do not know what\'s
happening and what\'s Dhamma.**

**Planting the seed of her soon to come suffering, which she\'d just
tasted today by me not texting her..**

**Again, this is in MY CREATION OF THE WORLD. But what else do i have?**

**(dhamma was truth. telling her everything. Naming the demons and by
knowing her creation, mine shifts aswell)**

**So as i fell asleep in this great dukkha i\'d just created, it was so
powerful that Mystical world became blunty Real. Is blunty Real.**

**So you see.. it doesn\'t matter at all the Absolute Truth in her
creation. Be it conciouss or not. It matters only in mine. It\'s the
only one i have.**

**It creates my reality. Yes, by bringing dukkha to light and seeing her
creation, mine can shift or not (depending on how connected ther other
person is to the THEIR Absolute truth in MY CREATION)**

**How close my Creation is to another\'s person creation(view) works
strictly as an adjustment to my judgment of other people.**

**It does not mean at all my creation of their view until that point is
not real. And more so, how did that make me feel. On all realms. Mind,
emotional and spirtual.**

**18 Apr -**

**Whole day progressively was getting worse, the fight of dukkha vs
dhamma. Light vs Darkness.**

**Eyes hurt, head hurts, the only thing i knew it could get me out of
that, was snacking something.**

**Eate chips, it got worse. Only one solution existed. Chocolate +
milk.**

**I eate 2 choco (40g total) + 400ml milk around 9. I felt them heavy,
but in many nights this shouldn\'t be a problem.**

**But fate had other plans\...**

**A question kept rising as I noticed dukkha cultivating more dukkha.**

**The only asnwer i could see to the dukkha was dukkha food.**

**And nothing was wrong on my life. Connection Ammy is amazing. Where is
the base dukkha coming from?**

**I did not posses the required level of sati, samadhi, sampajana and
panna to overcome it.**

**So let\'s observe it.**

**Oh and what a play was about to unfold..**

**Later this morning, i got my answer regarding the dukkha that
cultivated food dukkha.**

**(also Ciupe\'s Dukkha)**

**Whenever there is a girl who doesn\'t like, take a moment to study or
imagine what kind of guy she\'d like.**

**Then, imagine you would have to be very similar to that guy for her
attraction.**

**I just had the chance to see this constellation with Moniq from
Chicafe with a guy she was flirting.**

**Oh how much of my most meaningful moments, beliefs and revelations
i\'d have to give up to embody a similar energy.**

**And finally, there is true content her not flirting with me the same.
\<3**

**Work dukkha slowly rising more and more as i know i have to start
working on the CPR but kept postponing. Of course the morning came with
dukkha echos from last night, and it came together in not finding the
Samadhi to quinch it.**

**Or did I ? Because i got out of the house and everything changed.**

**17 Apr -**

**As night comes, i truly send my first sext. And i stop when i don\'t
feel like writing anymore.**

**I feel so connected to every sense of my body. I begin to have little
knowledge on how to arisen quinch dukkha and cultivate dhamma on all of
them. And when this happens on multiple sensations, there is piti.**

**Wow. "La gogu". Wow. Ce poveste. My brother is in great dukkha. Let
him come to you when he's ready. Until then, show compassion. And
aloneness when needed.**

**The un-breakable spear. Pantheon.**

**Warrior.**

**The bus experience. No more running, because the moment is already
complete.**

**Followed by car pooling.**

**And followed thinking that Ramona doesn't see me (in my creation
ofc)**

**Followed by observing how when the mind becomes multi-focus as Ramona
triggers, dukkha arises. And the mind tends to multi focus.**

**Getting dressed experience. It took 30 min and triggering of the left
TOS 😂 to find dhamma clothes and prepare them. Oh but the feeling when
i did.. Dhamma.**

**Omlette experience with meat. How dhamma was flowing as my hands
picked only the eggs. No more thinking. Then how the beet smelled and
tasted..**

**Dhamma talk with Ammy. She is no worlding. She is awakened. 🦭🦋**

**16 Apr -**

**Talking with Flo i realize mother has overcome her money dukkha
enherited from Bubu. She reached 1 million euros of net worth.**

**Wow.**

**Calatoria eroinei.**

**"Fiecare om e erou in povestea vietii sale."**

**Seeing Dan in completely new way.**

**True compassion.**

**15 Apr -**

**Renasterea.**

**Dhamma day with my brother.**

**Feels like in just 1 day fully together we found the ancient secrets
of life.**

**Regarding food, family, women**

**Nialau meeting.**

**Lack of True compassion arises. Trying to save him. Save myself.**

**Taking so seriously his pain in my creation.**

**14 Apr -**

**The FP laying down hip extension is Dhamma movement. I can feel the
hips already programmed to execute hip extension at various break points
(\~75 degrees hip flexion and then at around 30-40, with the new muscle
tension when hips reach full extension).**

**\"NO RELIGION\" - Buddhasa Bhikku.**

**Upanada - Attachment**

**Anatta - not-self**

**The Dhamma language.**

**\"In people lanague, the word \"birth\" means to be born from a
mother\'s womb. In Dhamma language, however, the word \"birth\" means
some form of attachment is born.**

**End of iphone 11 chapter. What a ride.**

**Welcome the Iphone 14 Pro.**

**13 Apr -**

**Meeting Johannis was very insightful.**

**There was this constant feeling of something not beeing expressed
fully.**

**Like we talking in people\'s language rather than Dhamma language.**

**Listening to him talk about his revelations, many times i felt that i
previously experienced an exact or very similar flavor in my journey.**

**What a day with father. Bought Iphone, Scooter, took couch, floor was
delivered**

**Powerful dream of meeting myself, in an hotel room filming myself.**

**Defeat. My defeat. My sole companion.**

**200g chocolate + milk 1-2 hours before sleep on an already inflamed &
over-secretion of digestive acid stomach.**

**We\'re exploring.**

**Its worth mentioning that it all started when i had the feeling Ramona
is friend-zoning me.**

**I observed this and saw the natural truth as the way forward. (Which
had to be told)**

**So i was waiting for her response so i could give my king-speech. This
meant the powerful emotion with a lot of dukkha to be expressed. Until
this was done, i was left with it's pressure and need for
manifestation.**

**For in my creation, it was like she trying to friendzone me.**

**But the universe had other plans.**

**She didn't respond for 2 hours.**

**Instantly eated way way way over the limit.**

**When i was left full and with kaya-sankhara2 inflamed and overwhelmed,
she responded with a quick message which would shatter my creation. She
felt Exactly the opposite.**

**But i already committed the crime. Dukkha had risen. And dukkha
invited more dukkha.**

**So i went and bought 300g chocolate, milk.**

**Came home.**

**Masturbated.**

**Eate more and more. Even tho the emotion had disappeared when i
learned the truth.**

**Because kaya-sankhara2 was already filled with dukkha. And placing in
home environment, it's the programmed way to cope. Eat more.**

**The pana? See the emotion. Express it before transforming into
Dukkha.**

**If you feel any dukkha had arisen, it is to be addressed
immediately.**

**It\'s no longer a lottery, but i can feel what my body is doing.**

**Creating too much acid everytime i eat something not compatible and
more so, when i eat a LOT.**

**FEEL it. Experience it. Study the feeling and how is it conditioned by
type of food, quantity, body position. And then, just like with moving,
quinch the dukkha.**

**This has happened hundrends of times in the past.**

**This pattern has to be re-written for a while in order for the
digestive system to regain balance.**

**It\'s clear.**

**Dhamma way of eating is the cure.**

**Any reason not to fully calm the first kaya-sankhara while eating is
Dukkha.**

**Which is to be studied closely and quinched.**

**11 Apr -**

**Just like the breathing is a kaya-sankhara, so is the digestive
system.**

**A fully developed and grown being, which is doing the best it can to
digest and feed the kaya.**

**The second kaya-sankhara.**

**And of course, it's interconnected with the first one.**

**So use it to your advantage.**

**I invite you to accompany the blessing of the food with dhamma
breathing.**

**Then the conditioning will be addressed completely.**

**Still, dhamma life gradually cultivates.**

**Chips + sour cream at 20 (2 on dhamma scale)**

**Milk + biscuits at 21 (2 on dhamma scale)**

**Mild sleep, wake up at \~3 (charcoal) then slept with mild inflamation
until 7. Good sleep overall, but it\'s becoming clearer.**

**10 Apr -**

**What a day.**

**I could not see the tip of the iceberg which embodied work today.
Overhwhelming.**

**Still i cultivated dhamma where i could. Cleaning, Food, workout,
walk, etc.**

**I manage to completely change the experience of working.**

**Still, it was over-human to accomplish. So elegantly postponed till
tomorrow.**

**Conversations with girls flow so naturally. In a way that i could not
even dream of attaining.**

**Chips + dark chocolate last meal at 19, (2-3 on dhamma scale)**

**Short wake up at 3 (charcoal) then slept like a baby till 9.**

**9 Apr -**

**Play fight workshop.**

**Wow. The experience..**

**Animated warm-up. (touch knees, ears, pin feet together, pin legs
down)**

**Expressed incredibly freely throughout the whole event.**

**At first there were some moments where i was triggered slightly by my
inability to express myself as well as Johannis.**

**Even more as it unfolded.**

**Moments filled with a absolute truth: fight with her, sharing
afterwards.**

**And the moment with Simona.. just magical.**

**What i saw as The strongest guy saw me the strongest guy 😂.**

**- Strong and powerful tonality notice by young padawan.**

**My takeaway: how easy it is to be in the present.**

**Oh wow, the peanut butter has fucked me up really good.**

**Reaalllyy good! Woke up just after 1 hour feeling heavy. Paired with
horizontal bed position tonight it was a recipe for disaster :)))**

**Woke up 2:25 and open phone minutes later.**

**Ammy had just messaged me.**

**The food plus Ammy's story was the perfect recipe for a sleepless
night.**

**Even though last days entries had been focused on dhamma food and
digestive system, still a lot more happen.**

**Re-Connect is moving forward.**

**As passion coolsdown and Ammy life\'s is in danger, further unveiling
the mystery of the scam, i begin to see the whole picture. I really love
her.**

**Seconds later, she tells me that the surgery is actually 90.000.**

**House project is moving forward.**

**8 Apr -**

**Eate smoothie (9 on dhamma scaole), corn puffs(\~4), sour cream(\~2),
peaNUT butter(\~1).**

**Felt pretty ok-ish during the day, somewhat heavy tho.**

**Masturbated and had last meal around 19.**

**But then night came..**

**As the kaya calms down and the digestive system rest, i can feel the
\"demons\" asking for food.**

**I can feel the Dhamma in not giving in.**

**I can feel the true kaya\'s hunger rising in seek for good food.**

**And through this, piti unfolds.**

**Wow.. one of the \'sickest\' nights since i got back home (regarding
digestive system) and i know exactly why.**

**Still, it wasn\'t that bad, like some of the nights i had in the past.
I actually restel well for 8+ hours (waking up twice to stand up and
take an active charcoal)**

**A lot of food last night before sleep, the final nail in the coffin
being teh magiun sticks.**

**Also, the big picture is relevant, how slowly i eate more and more at
night as days passed and sleep was more and more affected.**

**I\'m inflamed, but i know why. Panna grows again. I know exactly what
i have to do.**

**It becomes 100% clear that no matter what supplements i take, by far
the most important thing is Eating in the way of the Dhamma.**

**7 Apr -**

**Cybersecurity?**

**Searching through youtube for the right video, which feels the best, i
stumble twice on Cybersecurity and this cool guy with a great energy and
a greater promise. Cybersecurity in 1 week ?**

**Just imagining it, it sparks imagination, unlike how coding made me
feel in college and in later studying it. Not the truth. But huge
limitations to pure imagination and power.**

**Lets see.**

**Boyd Clewis. My new mentor in finding a job.**

**I resonate and understand everything this guys says about finding a
job, experience, CV, power of linkedin. Everything.**

**6 Apr -**

**After i got home, masturbated. Even though done in complete awareness,
not fearing the shadow, it\'s still dukkha. It drains life force.**

**Then eate the puffy + puddings. I was already attached to the feeling
of eating. Wanted to experience it more and more.**

**Then the choco + milk after a short while. Not to purely fuel the
body, for it was night and fuel was not needed no more. But to tickle
the mind.**

**Beyond this, Ammy is pretty bad, so bad that her attitude is
completely changed. My mommy is in so much pain and i can\'t do
anything.**

**As this happened, more and more i gew far from contentment.**

**Nothing would be content. No TV show, no action, not the seating,
nothing.**

**Finally i found a light tv show and a good bed position. Fell asleep
in a matter of minutes.**

**Digestive system was not very inflamed because the food was pretty
light, it was just the quantity and more so, the timing that brought
dukkha.**

**Slept pretty good, but woke up with mild nausea 8 hours later.**

**Now, this whole thing was done fully aware(even if somewhat out of
control haha). As an experiment to study the flavors of life. To grow
panna. So i can later transform it into Wisdom-In-Action (sampajana).**

**Slept 8h pretty good, despite last night eating some some stevia
chocolates, milk and protein pudding+pufu, almost 2h before sleep.**

**Still, it was not excess. And i felt it somewhat weighing the
digestive system, but not too much to affect sleep.**

**5 Apr -**

**Mom visit. Got into little argument about my life philosophy.**

**Pointless. Why did i get into it ? She cannot see outside her current
beliefs.**

**About you my friend, only 1 takeaway. Don't explain your philosophy,
embody it.**

**For me, meditation has the same purpose as sleep. Recharging with life
force. It\'s why i hate even calling it meditation.**

**And why i see it useless for me when there is life force and full
contentment with the present.**

**Every night, sleep is filling my body, mind and spirit with life
force. It\'s limited. Not excess. Just enough for today to live a dhamma
day.**

**It is up to me what i do with that life force.**

**Dhamma nourishes it during the day, and dukkha quickly drains it.**

**It is why masturbation is dukkha. Because it drains a lot of that life
force.**

**I can feel this now, from experience and feeling the whole kaya
system.**

**4 Apr -**

**Ammy told me she has cancer and is hiding it from her family.**

**It\'s the final piece of the puzzle which explains why she keeps
insisting she\'s not good for me.**

**Of course, dukkha.**

**I started eating and eating. Not so much, but enough over what is
needed.**

**Weather was cold and raining, so most of the day i stayed indoors. I
could feel \'suffocating\', the dukkha inside the house.**

**Which of course cultivated more dukkha..**

**And eate and talked to hopeless Ammy which kept saying she wants to
give up life.. and eate and talked..**

**Around 16 i stopped eating for a while. ( i was yet of coruse, dukkha
hungry )**

**After 1-2 hour i started feeling full, desired absolutely no food.**

**After 3-4 hours whole system calmed down and i could feel a slight
natural hunger. Dhamma hunger. But it was already late, so i didn\'t
wanna eat more.**

**But dukkha materfully saw this crack in my \'plan\' and instantly
arisen. \'Eat something light\'**

**I eate a few spoons of pb + milk and a few chips. Of course, i knew pb
is very hard to digest at night. And neither were the other 2 considered
dhamma foods.**

**With my digestive system being loaded up and inflamed from throughout
the day, even the slightest-medium dukkha greatly further affected
kaya.**

**So sleep was somewhat affected. ( woke up around 3 with some nausea
and sensible teeth from the sweet coconut in pb. drank water + charcoal
pill. Kaya calmed down and fell asleep)**

**3 Apr -**

**My own creation of beliefs is slightly shaken when multiple time
disagreed by the outside world.**

**Example: the 2 girls which interaction was good but then no insta
follow-up. This attempts to make me feel delusional, not good, etc.**

**Dukkha. Emotional and spiritual suffering.**

**But only slightly shaken, not by far identifying with it.**

**Bus approach.**

**Natural way out of big shit test.**

**2 Apr -**

**Massage + rocktape experience.**

**It all came together.**

**1 Apr -**

**Whole day with Pelicanu. Being with him at his house and Cluj seems to
cultivate Dukkha. My brother.**

**Awakening songs.**

**Songs in my creation which inexplicably called me throughout the
years, which meaning i understand now.**

**Kickapoo**

**Bring me to life**

**Not gonna get us**

**Anytime dukkha had "won", like in the past 2 nights with food, there
comes the chance to deeply study it. Let it become the new object of
meditation.**

**Then, panna and more so, sati, will be carved.**

**Thats everything. Recognize dukkha as it arises from many sources.
Truly recognize it. Then use sampajana to end it before it cultivates
more dukkha.**

**Whether it is kaya, vedana or citta pain/discomfort.**

**From position, persons around, food, pressure, triggers, emotional
pain, attachment to outcome, and the list is endless.**

**It all conditions the kaya-sankhara and the first step to any form of
dukkha is calming the kaya-sankhara. And first, create an environment
and kaya position that relaxes and allows kaya-sankhara to truly calm.**

**Then, inevitably, piti arises.**

**Getting out of house.**

**Little dhamma food. Breath. Music. Let kaya manifest. Expand.**

**Dhamma reveals, dukkha slowly quinches.**

**And piti reveals.**

**As the body returns to dhamma way through breath, dhamma food and
music, there begins to be contentment in any action.**

**Even watching as my fist opens and closes.**

**31 Mar -**

**As evening approached(16-17), dukkha awakens as well.**

**In form of already created patterns and in form of vedana. This night,
it was about Ammy\'s energy of \"Send me money\"**

**These work as a spark, and once the dukkha is ignited in forms of
over-eating\*, undoubtedly more dukkha arises.**

**I refer to over-eating as anything eaten in excess, emotional, that
feeling of the whole body\'s energy being directed to the digestive
system and citta wanting to keep pushing it.**

**It is a very very powerful envinronment to expose the
kaya-vedata-citta to. Staying home, alone, far from fresh air, watching
a movie or stream, masturbating.**

**This, in my creation regarding relationship with food, it\'s like a
fucking alcohol addict walking alone through an imense free bar, a bar
where he spent many years getting drunk and each seat is filled with
dukkha.**

**It has to be recognized as such.**

**In my present creation, this is one of the hardest things to quinch in
solitude and back to the place where it all started.**

**But, as i write i realize the bringing to light and quenching of
dukkha will need to ultimately happen in the place where it started.**

**So, what a wonderful chance I\'m granted to be here again, face to
face with my dukkha. At the place where it birthed and thrived
throughout the years.**

**You want to film the commercial \"Stii exact ce trebuie sa faci si
cum.. totusi nu-ti iasa\" - Yet fate has brought you in the same place
your future clients will be.**

**Once you will feel the Mountains of Dukkha created here begin to
dissolve, in a patient and peaceful process, then you will be able to
preach.**

**And so.. panna increases. And sampajana now springs from a more
powerfull well.**

**Still, all of these it is to be observed. And not taken too seriously,
not attaching too hard into the idea of I, my dukkha, my dhamma, my, my,
my.**

**But observed. Experienced.**

**Observe how the wisdom in action was not powerful enouth to quinch the
dukkha that has arisen.**

**30 Mar -**

**Mami: \"Zice dan ... ca daca simti ca ea e femeia langa care vrei sa
traiesti... adu o aici... cu copii cu tot... si aveti tot sprijinul
nostru... si nu lasa sa treca timp... pe care nu o sa l mai ai
inapoi...\"**

**What a view.**

**When Pelicanu arrived, there was a negative energy around. Followed by
bad, soaked food. Which left me unsatisfied.**

**Then the whole energy with him was off, he was tired, i realised i\'d
rather be alone, and so on.**

**So citta dealt with this vedana by eating. Some peanuts and biscuits.
Which left me feeling pretty full and bloated.**

**Next, Pelicanu left but i was left bloated and feeling heavy. As last
time, i got out of the house to go buy some snacks (the only things
that\'d get citta out of the house haha :)) ). But the time frame was
too little and so, when i got back home, the body and digestive system
were still loaded. So, to mask that, citta begins to eat. And eat and
eat..**

**It\'s clear. Panna is complete. Sati was succesfull. Sampajana was not
(wisdom-in-action)**

**But echos of already created patterns where emotional&kaya \"bad\"
feelings are dealt with food - were stronger than sampajana at that body
alchemy.**

**Ammy: \"The visa fee is 8500 baht and I must have 300000 baht in my
bank account and you must write me an invitation letter.\"**

**A failed test :))). Still, absolute truth cannot be seen.**

**29 Mar -**

**Lavinia psoas release. 🤯 Combining trigger point with the sexual
chakra. After 2 min Whole area felt deep release.**

**Slept amazing.**

**When the body is comfortable, the citta is no longer under any
pressure to chase multiple focuses.**

**Vision: Finding a job 100% remote while working on Re-Connect as a
hobby (already set to be a 100% remote job)**

**This would free me completely. And of course find one that doesn\'t
drain a lot of my time.**

**Perhaps one that re-ignites that passion i had in highschool for
informatics. Algorithms. That would be amazing. It was like I was
playing while coding back then.**

**My dhamma. The one class in school i never learnt anything about but
always understood and got 10s. Then college came and everything went to
shit - because that was not my way of learning. But now, i have the
insight, knowledge and power to choose my learning path. Carve it.**

**\"Work\" enlightment. Work from anywhere in the words,high salary,
work a few hours a day. This is greatness.**

**Yardi is surrendering to something good enough, but not truly desired.
Yardi = Lavinia in terms of women. I delusioned myself into thinking
this is greatness because the road ahead implied \"school\" vibes and
\"not good enough\" echos. And it gave me the safety of today while
working so little. I see the delusion now, which i was too scared to
fully accept before. But no more.**

**I seek greatness. And now that i have achieved greatness in Love, work
follows. It\'s clear.**

**And so step 1 is complete. Bring the dukkha completely to light. See
it. Accept it as part of yourself. Only then it can be truly changed.**

**For this, the plan is:**

**See outside your box. Gather wisdom. Speak with people who are already
there and learn their ways.**

**Then, decide on specifics area/language. Max 3. Of course dynamic, can
change. Consider how enjoyable it is, jobs frequency and money.**

**Explore them (Study out of curiosity, keeping a thriving envinronment
for the kaya-vedana-citta while doing it). Play their game. (Naturally
add to resume)**

**Start applying to jobs. When an interview lands, focus a few days on
specific-training. Pressure free. It\'s just a game.**

**Keep playing until something lands. Then analyze if it is the dhamma
way. If anything else but dhamma, keep looking.**

**Just like women\'s dynamics. You first get to a point where you can
choose multiple \"beautiful\" women, and not fear that if you lose your
relationship, you won\'t find others. But get to a point where you can
choose, many beautiful ones. Just like the long road with women. Except
now you know the system of Greatness. How it works. You are not running
in circle without any results as before. As you said years ago, the only
thing i truly wanted with women is not absolutes, but to see progress.
Then the enlightment becomes just a matter of time and the road can be
enjoyed.**

**28 Mar -**

**Creating a comfortable sit with pillow,blanket. I feel very cozy.
Then:**

**Cleaning work laptop.**

**Cleaning one drive.**

**Cleaning & ordering personal pc.**

**Cleaning google docs, google sheets. All the \"online chaos\" is now
in place.**

**Back-up whole journal.**

**All of these felt very peaceful and cultivated dhamma.**

**Kaya is comfortable and breath is long and still.**

**Observing and feeling a lot of dukkha as the dust settles and old
habits echo.**

**Most important and clear factor is the food.**

**There is a very subtle line which exactly feeds the body, rest is
dukkha. And as i said before, dukkha culivates more dukkha..**

**Eating is a truly sacred energy exchange. It is by far, the heaviest
from the 3 ways the phisycal body uses to consume energy and bind with
the \"outside\" - Breathing - Drinking - Eating.**

**Whenever citta begins to control the eating process to escape any
present spiritual, emotional or phisycal dukkha, it supresses the
connection to Dhamma.**

**To the spirit. To the soul.**

**So eating, again, should be recognized and respected as sacred in
every moment. Every moment directed towards the well-being of the
kaya.**

**This does not limit the magician, which can find amazing tasty ways
which also fully nurtures the body.**

**Finding dhamma in both time, quantity and quality of food should
prevail before the magician makes any move.**

**If dukkha arises, the magician will try to find tasty, healthier-ish
ways to deal with citta wanting to overeat and overeat to hide the guilt
of overeating.**

**Nialau: \"sufletu care ar trebui sa fie stapan nu poate sa mai supuna
trupul care e alimentat peste masura.\"**

**After 3-4 hours of not eating, dhamma is cultivated. More and more.**

**So, as evening settles, what an actual privilege is to allow dhamma to
rise once the digestive system calms down and begins to rest.**

**As hours go by, the kaya can become the new object of study. Because
when the digestive system is working, kaya along with vedana become
clouded.**

**As the fog rises, a new chance arises to deeply study kaya and vedana.
Long breath can be used to achieve new depths in the observing.**

**Once this happens, the citta becomes single-focused.**

**And naturally, there is piti. (contentment)**

**In this state, the needs of kaya become clear. Water, cleaning teeth,
body positions, and so on.**

**Again, it is a truly beautiful thing to experience every day. This is
what i called \"clarity\" when i was fasting years ago.**

**And in it, everything taste different. Writing, water, pissing,
everything. The flavor of each of these things changes when the body is
nourished and no longer digesting.**

**What the citta had labeled \"craving for food\" - can be instantly
altered to how amazing it is to explore this state. How much it
cultivates dhamma.**

**27 Mar -**

**Coach petrican story. Inspiration.**

**Dhamma breakfast and taking care of the body. Now listening to Malukah
on the bus.**

**I feel amazing. Like slowly re-connecting to dhamma.**

**12h sleep.**

**The kaya inflammation and digestive struggle can be observed
clearly.**

**A spike of the "parent" wanted to start making eating schedules again
😂.**

**With much love, no.**

**Dhamma can most clearly be seen in solitude.**

**26 Mar -**

**Its clear his energy affects me and pulls me away from dhamma. And i
do not yet possess the sampajana to prevent any dukkha from arising.**

**So when dukkha arised (eating and the walk in dust being highest
factors) it cultivated dukkha in other areas. As i end the day feeling
hopeless regarding making the money i want.**

**Its clear its a delusion by it's attempt to be permanent.**

**I fall asleep.**

**As i wake up and cultivate dhamma, everything changes.**

**All my beliefs.**

**Day with Mister.**

**Of course some already written patterns wanted inertially to manifest,
for which they'd been reconfirmed hundreds of times when in
constellation with him.**

**Some did. Some didn't.**

**Most affected was food, which was not eaten in the way of the dhamma.
I could observe this happening, but i did not put pressure to fight the
patterns.**

**New ones were written tho. English talks, topics, spiritual touches.**

**Powerful talk about his date life.**

**And in the process, i forged new game theories arisen from what i
believe now.**

**Its simple. Truly and deeply know and feel yourself. Be honest
always.**

**If you see a girl you really feel attracted to and circumstances
allow, beyond any triggers, challanges, needs and voids, you have no
reason not to approach her.**

**When there is dhamma in her approach, anything else that arises is
dukkha. It should become the object of study and reflection upon the
dukkha is quinched.**

**So, all would a man like this need to do is go on the battlefield -
fight**

**and retire - and reflect in either solitude or with brothers.**

**He should know not to confuse the 2 realms and get lost in reflections
while on the battlefield.**

**25 Mar -**

**Out with Lavinia. It became naturally clear we will stop seeing each
other.**

**Ammy's riddle starts to become more unclear.**

**Yesterday in our online conversation it felt like she had a vibe of
wanting me to send her money. In a way that didn't make sense.**

**This, of course, made me question the truth of her love.**

**And here i learn the power of falling in love.**

**There lie 3 possibilities:**

**1.Her love is real and her messages and following vibe had nothing to
do with me**

**2.Her love is not real and its just a fucking masterpiece of a scam
who runs on the strongest emotion of all. Passion.**

**3.Her love is real but either unconsciously or consciously she also
wants to scam me. (No matter how pure the motive is, like the safety of
her kids.)**

**I told her this.**

**Her reaction was somewhat neutral.**

**Then i called her and told her.**

**She avoided 2-3 times then answered that her love is real.**

**Then, all of a sudden, she got cold. (Like when she felt i've read her
intentions.)**

**This was in my creation. Logically pointing to the art of falling in
love scam. But the feelings are so so real. So in my creation, in how i
interpret her words, seen, etc -points to number 3.**

**Talking to her on the phone i realize in her creation she just got
"raped" by a man she hates and feels disgusted with herself.**

**So disgusted to even open the chat with me and gimme love.**

**She is seriously considering what moving here would imply.**

**Told me she told the english man about us.**

**Again.. act or real? Feels real.**

**Of course, a resolution evidently arises.**

**Not give her any money until she's here with me.**

**Just as you would save their mom from a life of suffering, so did
danezu save your mom from the suffering in her creation.**

**Mom: "libera.. intotdeauna." ❤️🕊️**

**Dhamma its easier to be felt in aloneness.**

**23 Mar -**

**Moment on the balcony with Father.**

**Mother.**

**It was only in my view of the world that she still tried to control me
and my happiness.**

**"Vinde canapeaua eventual" (in instant full acceptance towards my
decisions.)**

**"E apartamentul tau.. "**

**And in that moment, i realize that symbolically, i have separated from
my mother.**

**I SEE her.**

**She loves me just as I love Ammy.**

**She feels my pain just as i felt and cried with Ammy.**

**How she'd always felt my happiness, sorrow, pain ---**

**Know love. So you can see love.**

**In the past days, the thought i have uncontrollably placed about how
this social game is bounding me.**

**And that one extremely contrasted solution would be the death of one
my parents. More directed towards mother. (Because of the mother-son
connection in my view compared to father)**

**I cannot control them.**

**Its not a desire for her death, just an imagination of that
scenario.**

**This could have been what's been causing her to feel bad just as I
started things with Ammy.**

**And now that thought is vanished.**

**22 Mar -**

**Part 1 (her aloneness and restless heart) - 53 sec -**

**Part 2(me) - 18 Sec -**

**Part 3(beginning of us, knowing each other) - 20 sec (chills moments,
coffee shop, talking)**

**Part 4(falling in love and learning about the great great suffering
) - 30 sec (laughing, touching moments)**

**Part 6(When passion cools down, true love arises. At the peak of
suffering ) - 18 sec**

**Part 7 (Us. The force of love overcomes anything. Forever ) - Rest**

**Dream. Ariana with sfara.**

**The river.**

**Turns into my amy at some point and i can't believe it.**

**Queen of hearts moments.**

**Kissing ariana and felt empty, so far from mommy's kiss and love.
Great liberation.**

**Vasilica. Strong, tall, curly, healthy, god-like figure.**

**He knows bhikku as Traian Ion 🤔.**

**21 Mar -**

**Home.**

**Reflecting on every girl in Thailand which I reallyy liked and wanted
things to work out but didn't. How sad and hopeless i was at times.**

**Now, i cannot express how grateful and content I am. Because if
anything would have happened differently, no matter how slight
ramification, i wouldn't have met my Ammy ❤️.**

**5 am. I wake up from my half-sleep and look out the window to the
boundless night. The sky is full of stars. You can see hundreds of them
which would never show from the ground.**

**Feels like i'm flying to her.**

**Not in this flight, not in this day, but in this life.**

**Got in flight.**

**Smoke too much + car sickness. can't remember last time i was this
sick. Years ago. When sick from high, body feels exactly like when i was
a child and was carsick. Now they were combined.**

**Taxi was so stressed, driving panicked and agressively.**

**I notice all these and offer best kaya and kaya-sankhara possible i
can find. It gets worst and worst until i recognize the exact sensations
and body reactions as when seconds before puking before. Never in the
past have i felt same and not puked.**

**I think about where i could if it comes. I'm ready for whatever.**

**At the peak,Citta apologizes to kaya and swears to sacrifice all weed
left in backpack. And kaya slowly calms. Of course i did throw it all
when i got to airport.**

**Many times, i would feel that i'd stain my experience with Ammy if
smoking before. Sleep, fuck, walk. I did not crave "weed" to intensify
moments with her.**

**You wanna feel joy and happiness about Ammy ? You free the train of
thoughts about dhamma love, destiny, impermanence. How lucky you are.**

**You want to feel pain, suffering and hearbreak? You think about
leaving her, her situation, her suffering, about the possibility of
never seeing her again.**

**Or any other trail.**

**Which one is real? Its your creation.**

**But, from some creations, dhamma springs. And that one brings
contentment and sukha.**

**The others deviate from dhamma, to different degrees.**

**One clear example is my creation of the Image. -\> the creation which
finds absolute ecstasy in my death.**

**And it can be observed how the true spritiual self, always connected
to**

**The dhamma, protects the whole.**

**Interactions to mother. Once you've accepted and integrated the thing
she and Dan reflect, you just don't give way to it.**

**But to your way.**

**You see and don't take upon yourself her dukkha.**

**You are there to connect to the gift of creation, not to her Dan
personality and dukkhas.**

**More beautiful, in alone interactions with her, the true mother
reveals and it feels wholesome just like in my childhood. The moments we
were just us. Father away. Sleeping together. Loving her so much.**

**Being so afraid to lose her.**

**Leaving's mommy's crib. Either through blank plate apartment or leave.
Awaken.**

**Let go of the attachment.**

**Peak moment at visa lady epiphany. Got fuckin angry and felt really
strong.**

**She was surprised and gave 5000 back.**

**Have a nice life, motherfucker.**

**The feel not to tell people about my experiences and plans. To what
end ?**

**To me they are full experiences, smells, emotions, body sensations,
pains.**

**To a worldling, they are but words. If he'd not experience a somewhat
similar journey, he will either unconsciously try to bring his dukkha to
your creation into the form of critique/advices. Or he will simply not
get it.**

**But as I'm writing this i realize that perhaps the greatest factor
here is me being attached to his/her reaction. Because i want to
validate my creation.**

**The glasses feel like protection from the dukkha of the worldings.**

**I feel how i can harvest this power of them and put them in other
glasses. This does not limit to the physical world alone. I feel it can
be done even if the glasses are not in my possesion.**

**Its my creation of the world.**

**I create thoughts and they enter the kaya-vedana-citta flux.**

**Once it is observed from the "higher frequency" of the universe and no
longer identified as Self, the citta can create any thoughts to follow
one's dhamma. They tap from the conciseness into unconsciousness and
back to consciousness.**

**Just so, i felt my mothers fear of death and plane and i did not take
them upon me. But gave them back.**

**I can see this now.**

**Because i have found enlightment in love. I have found the love of
creation in Ammy and this has allow me to see and begin to liberate
myself from my mother's dukkhas.**

**Kept reflecting on the people in my life.**

**Both social media presences and real life people.**

**I keep thinking of peacefully cutting connections. No matter how
harsh. Like vosi. Lavinia.**

**Ammy's timing was just when it felt like i was approaching the peak of
feeling who i really am and freely expressing it to the world.**

**It was in the morning where i felt i "meditated" for the first time in
my life. True detachment of the "I".**

**Right after, Jörg sent me the chakras books as a guide to my question
about pain.**

**All my life's struggles and dukkhas caused by hiding from the world
and from my self who i really am, coming to light. And once there is
light, dukkha quinches.**

**I closed my eyes as the planes was preparing to take off.**

**And I listened. With all of my senses.**

**In the loading of the engine and the process of releasing it's kinetic
power, i could feel the whole universe. The explosion and expansion.**

**And one thing was clear. It was dhamma, but it was not peaceful,
quiet.**

**Started crying out of joy regarding every place and person i connected
with and more, with how dhamma was manifested in them.**

**After a little while, a wave of powerful emotions exploded in my body,
which felt like Ammy watching the plane and feeling it too. My eyes
flooded in tears.**

**Got in plane. Got barefooted and sat comfortably. Its all my
creation.**

**Ammy came with me to the airport.**

**My heart is filled with joy and trust in the universe.**

**How much i would have missed if i stayed in Bangkok alone.**

**I feel blessed.**

**To whatever it may come 🙏✝️.**

**20 Mar -**

**Whole day, night and morning with Ammy.**

**First time sex without condom. My body wanted so badly to finish
inside her, but i pulled out.**

**This made me feel low energy and somewhat senselesness in relationship
to her for a short while. Like citta against the kaya and vedana.
Because i did not want to get her pregnant in these circumstances.**

**I told her about this.**

**Second time i was in her and close, she says "You can finish in me
baby"**

**".. because i love you" - she continued in her adorable asian
accent.**

**You have separated from the worldings and see much dukkha in their
ways.**

**Of course living in a dukkha-filled home will be fighting the natural
flow of dhamma.**

**One important thing about Dhamma is the reason it cannot be planned
nor seen outside the present. It is continually changing.**

**Contemplating about what i can change in cluj, i found dhamma in the
carving of my apartment by my doing.**

**Just realized kaya moved on its own for the past minutes. Like the
heartbeat.**

**Dhamma movement.**

**This hasn't happened in years.**

**Kickapoo - unconsciousness manifestation. I see it.**

**I just realized my old friend, the 20s self who triggered me before
when watching him, because i felt his pain and struggle and the
shallowness he displayed to the world, he's made a lot of money for me
to enjoy this.**

**It would not ever have been possible without my friend. I love you
young funny guy.**

**I love even that she liked her post.**

**Truthfuly. It makes me feel whole.**

**The things i hate in myself, i absolutely love in her.**

**How can i ever truly hate my nose again when i know that she loves it
so much ?**

**If she loves my face in every angle at least half of how much i love
hers, i'm the most beautiful man in the world.**

**How can i weigh what anyone else thinks more than her view ? I cannot
❤️**

**Same, how can i consider wrong anything anyone else would consider
about my looks, doings, thinking, if mommy loves every part of it just
the way it is ? Cannot (in her voice)**

**When i don't see or speak to her for hours, i have no appetite for
food.**

**I realize now i don't want the typical spiritual girls.**

**I only needed that because i felt they'd understand and help me. The 7
life values are to be weighed on intuition and feeling, not the rational
realms.**

**If there is one strong take-away regarding to women (and men)
interactions, is how much the rational realm of words fails to
express.**

**And how the actual connection is felt on different channels which most
of the time run unconsciously.**

**I want girls who embody this philosophy, not talk about it. Like Ammy,
Ben, Som.**

**19 Mar -**

**Talk with Mikaela about the power of smell.**

**1 day later, i fully experienced this with Ammy.**

**I could not believe it.**

**Smells i disliked or even hated before, become ecstatic when they meet
her skin. Ciggarestes, after sex, and so on.**

**Cluj, in my creation, is dukkha. This needs to be seen and quinched.**

**"What is the way of the dhamma ?" And the dhamma reveals itself.**

**Finally seeing the truth on my favorite food place.**

**How humble they are. How she subtly runs. How he instinctively bows
down.**

**The day i took my shoes off and eated in sync with what dhamma felt in
that moment, is the moment i understood them. Seen beyond my creation.**

**2 minutes later, the smoothie experience.**

**My creation. Freedom. And as long as is expressed through dhamma-way
(to right people and right way), it only brings joy.**

**And there was nothing but peace and contentment in this realisation.**

**Dhamma for my view of the world has many names and i felt connected to
it since i was but a kid.**

**"The force", "Destiny", "God's will", "Absolute truth", "The highest
frequency of the universe", "Synchronicity".**

**All of them are but words, sounds created by humans to express a state
for contentment in what is happening. Full peace of the heart, wishing
nothing was different.**

**This does not embody just ecstatic moments, but goes beyond. I felt it
in Bubu's death. I felt it in breaking up with Lavinia. In the thought
of changing my office job back when i was working 8h.**

**I felt it when going to Ludus.**

**I feel it in Re-connect. (although here it becomes mixed with my
belief and fears about how its gonna reach the world and of fail)**

**And i feel it in Ammy.**

**It cannot be planned, it resides purely in the present moment.**

**Like yesterday, although the natural plan seemed to go after AirPods
and then back home, it shifted with me staying there for a coffee.**

**It is like it's a mountain river. You cannot control it's flow, but
you can not fight it. Not swim against it's tide.**

**But together with it.**

**It has on 2 realms. For both of them, it is imperative to truly get to
know, understand and experience them before attempting any work.**

**Taste all the flavors they both have to offer without fear, but in
curiosity.**

**1.Kaya-Vedana-Citta**

**For this, is it relevant to ask yourself:**

**"How am i feeling right now?"**

**Observe your body's positions, tensions and energies.**

**Observe the process of how that is conditioning vedana and vedana is
conditioning the breath.**

**Observe the surroundings. What is around you ?**

**What flavor does the air have here and how does it feel when breathing
it ?**

**Tastes like dust, humidity, pollution, nature, another's person scent?
What effect has that taste on you?**

**How content is kaya-sankhara with his "food" (air and breathing tempo)
Is it like eating bananas or is it like eating fries ?**

**What background sounds are you hearing and what effect do they have
?**

**What do you see and what role does it play in the complexity of the
present feeling ?**

**Who is around you and what energy do they bring to the present moment?
In both interactions you are part and are not part of?**

**What goes in contact with your skin ? What type of clothes, what air,
chair, table?**

**Lastly and most powerful, we turn to human interactions. Who is around
you? What energy do they bring ? What kind of inner-feelings do they
condition ? How is that affecting the whole kaya-vedana-citta?**

**What is this interaction TELLING YOU about yourself ? What are you
expecting from them and how does the present moment change depending on
it being fulfilled or not ?**

**What dukkha do they bring out or reflect ? How intense is that dukkha
? Observe how the more intense it is, the more it makes the self attach.
Feel it is real. And with that, comes dukkha in either a form of
suffering because they are reflecting my the fears and sufferings in my
creation - or in the form that the whole system is so ecstatic and fully
attaches to the joy - and more - to the self.**

**Observe how all of this happens.**

**This is step 1.**

**Once you see them all, notice what dukkha they each bring.**

**If this is done truthfully and for long enough, until all or almost
all flavors are brought into consciousness, you will have gathered the
necessary panna(wisdom).**

**Next, follows sati.**

**Recollection of all things that need to be recollected.**

**2.Spiritual (the true way of the heart-soul)**

**This relates to life purposes, philosophy, love, legacy.**

**And it's even more clear when i don't feel it. When i try so hard to
swim against it.**

**I called the fighting of it a year ago:**

**"You cannot go against your true nature without great spirit
sacrifice."**

**Didn't feel it with Bi. Nor Laura. Nor in school.**

**18 Mar -**

**Sex. Moment she grabbed my head and i felt complete trust in her.**

**How connected to us.**

**Zoe saldana revelation (the echos of past lifes ? How else can i
explain what i felt watching Zoe movies ? )**

**Plus Jennie, my tenerife love.**

**Her queen energy which she cannot give up because its in her nature.**

**The thought of him touching or fucking Ammy brings me repulsiveness,
anger and pain. That is the absolute truth of domination.**

**And is it stronger then the sexual dukkha(which seeks extasy in
greatest suffering, death) beyond any measurements.**

**I finally understood by experience how my shadow had eclipsed what my
heart was truly looking for in a woman.**

**I don't want her love denied not even for a second, not even as
role-play.**

**And any body sensation arisen from Shadow full manifestation, that i
before presumed i find content in, (Being Diana/Reine little slave which
lives in denial and ultimately, sacrifice), is now far from what i
consider Whole.**

**She showed me the flavor of Dhamma Love.**

**Contemplating on what dhamma is back home, Idea of returning in
romanian mountains feels comes to mind.**

**I feel free of the burden that forced me into socially high
environments.**

**Watching the video with us in the coffee shop.**

**How she flows in movement, like her fascia is making love to the air
when she moves.**

**And in contrast, how stiff i move.**

**Here, perhaps lies the greatest lesson regarding natural pain free
movement.**

**Let the fascia flow.**

**Friendly date with Ben.**

**How true i was to myself regarding everything.**

**The croissant moment.**

**17 Mar -**

**Ammy story. ❤️**

**Living in Surat Thani seemed very close to the natural truth of life.
The language of the soul.**

**Movement, daily foods and habits, interactions with people and nature,
the sun and wind, the air and the contentment which embraces my body
when i breath. Peace. Still, there is something missing.**

**True love, which was one of the main things i came here to explore and
learn about, had been evading me. Tasting pieces of it in different
girls, but merely pieces arisen from passion, not love.**

**And gracefully, we enter what feels like the last part of my journey
in Thailand.**

**Love. Liberation of the heart.**

**The immense piece i felt missing from my soul since i was but a little
kid. At every point of my life, when all thoughts would fade away, i
experienced this void.**

**The soft voice running in the background of my life at all time,
telling me something big is missing. A flavor of life i need to
experience and never had. One of the most purest experiences.
Enlightenment through love.**

**Just as in the physical world, her body feels like a piece of puzzle
perfectly matching the piece my body is, just so on a spiritual level i
found in her the piece i had always searched.**

**It tastes intense and amazing. ❤️ Exactly how I intuitively felt true
love would feel like when i was but a kid.**

**Still, my spirit feels at peace.**

**There is contentment in the unavoidable impermanence of this.**

**What powerful flavors of contentment (piti in buddhist term) i feel
with Amy. It makes my heart and body shake in many ways.**

**Her son and daughter opened up to me the second time we met. Smiled
and were comfortable around me. Even more so, safe.**

**Like i had their blessing for my love towards their mother.**

**Especially Tommy. We had a good time and i really enjoyed it. I was
not playing with him as most adults do, but playing with him as if was
too, a kid. I feel like one. He looked as me with eyes filled with
admiration and acceptance.**

**Just as i wished my father was to me when i was a child. In no rush to
prioritize other things over me, but completely be there with me.**

**And the way she loves him.. it's just as I wished my mother loved
me.**

**It's just as i want the mother of my children to love them.**

**Thats why i love to call her "mommy".**

**There was a moment where i cared for her injured feet together with
Tommy. Then we both leaned on her affectionate lap. Beautiful.**

**\"We love you mommy.\" - was the energy our bodies were expressing.**

**But we love you in different ways, not overlapping and it feels like
you have infinite love for both of us.**

**When I look at Ammy my heart is filled with emotion. She is absolutely
stunning from every angle and in every lighting.**

**A flavor of the piti comes from the attachment that i have, for the
first time in my life, attaining Dhamma.**

**The whole feeling that nothing is missing. Absolute truth of life. And
the thought of going back to Romania - therefore not experiencing this
same feeling anymore. Wow. What a contrast.**

**In the past few days,I contemplated so much about what missing someone
is. I understood it theoretically. But i never really missed anyone.
Never left in suffering after any break up.**

**"Am i so heartless?" - i was left wondering each time i broke up with
a girl. Why am i feeling absolutely nothing in my body regarding any
woman's absence ?**

**Because none of them truly spoke my "love language". So their
affection and energy never really reached me.**

**But with her.. the more i got to know her and see her most true
nature - how lovingly she handled fights with her son, how passionate,
skillful and beautiful she works.**

**Sometimes, life reminds me of what the Tarot girl read about my
purpose in life.**

**To light the fire in people's heart. No matter what that fire is.**

**This happens through simply allowing interactions close to my heart to
flow.**

**The fire is her heart feels like its about true love. Something she
gave up a long time because her family took this choice away. Of course
her first marriage didn't work. Absolute truth will always find it's
way, no matter the time it takes.**

**Then again, she did not choose with her heart. But she chose through
the maternal instinct to protect her babies and herself.**

**So once again, her heart grew more restless each day. Until 5 years
later it could not go any longer.**

**Now, the third time approaches.**

**The symbol of the triad ( 3 ) can be seen in all religions with it's
mighty power. It is beyond human understanding.**

**So, naturally, the third time she is about to take the same hard road,
the whole universe shakes.**

**In thousands of ramifications which could not ever be planned or
controlled by us, each of them equally unique and important.**

**(Me - coming to thailand, my whole life story and struggle and
coincidences up until this point**

**And Her - her story and struggle, the perfect timing of checking
thaifriendly along with the rest of her life's strings.**

**All of it coming together into what the universe created as \"Her\".**

**Of what it created as \"Me\". )**

**Like her soul connected to the greater force of life, unknown to us
humans, to help her not fall into the same dukkha as before.**

**This manifested in the conscious world as her going on dating apps for
Fun.**

**Oh, but the river of life had other plans. For is it not fun what was
about to unfold, but love.**

**And what is love but a word for something that is felt, not spoken? A
sensation which travels from body-to mind-to heart and seems to fill
them all with light.**

**So then, i could just as well use this analogy. Two persons who spent
their lifetime underground and never saw the sun.**

**Never felt it's warmth on their skin.**

**Never saw the endless cycle of it rising and setting. The beautiful
contrast embracing everyday of the sun\'s coming and going.**

**Or hide behind a cloud only to come out again in the aliveness of the
wind.**

**Both or their hearts would feel a great void.**

**For there was first the sun, and life followed millions of years
later. It is one of the primordial sunkhara(condition) for life and for
any human. It conditions life. It would not exist without it.**

**It is an undeniable part of any human to seek on a spiritual level,
some connection the Sun.**

**For ancient people, it embodied the symbols of God. Of transcending
human life and suffering.**

**In different parts of the planet, and in different millenniums, people
connected to the sun in different "languages".**

**Some of them prayed, the pueblo Indians would water their hands each
morning and open their palms towards the sky, some would give offerings,
others sing to it, some used in sailing, in art, as a medicine in
sickness.**

**The modern man has lost consciousness of this. It is a consequence of
the fact that the modern man has lost touch with his spiritual self. He
walks purely in the realms of rationality, logic and social conceptions
as money, power, and so on.**

**But this doesn't mean it stopped existing. The spiritual realms,
beyond any citta(mind) comprehension, existed long before the first
human was born and will exist long after the last human life fades.**

**It only means it's effect on modern's man life is not happening on a
conscious level.**

**But there is a big difference between these 2 persons who never
experienced the sun.**

**Ammy - Her parents also never saw the sun. They spent their whole life
underground. Blinded by social concepts. Drowned in dukkha caused by
their parents and ways.. and so on.**

**They completely believed and identified themselves with the "socially
accepted games". This made them believe that the greatest truth in life
is money or power.**

**"All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single
candle."**

**Just so, despite the curse put upon her parents, despite all the
Darkness, Ammy was born. This amazingly beautiful heart with a fire in
it that burns so she will not follow her parents footsteps.**

**Even though sometimes she almost didn't believe it's real. That the
sun(true love) really exists.**

**But this never fully killed the hope in her strong heart, despite all
life had thrown at her.**

**And Me - I have touched the sun in my dreams and visions a thousand
times. I read about it in hundreds of books, made my body shiver when i
saw it in thousands of movies, recited poems about it when in
solitude.**

**I made it my life\'s purpose to never give up.**

**I made my peace with it earlier this year that i will rather DIE
searching for it then giving up and accepting the darkness.**

**It is what brought me to her.**

**I take her hand and show her the way up. We walk into the sun together
for the first time.**

**But we experience the taste of it in different ways.**

**She cannot name what she\'s feeling, not by words at least.**

**\" You give me good feeling \" - she tries to describe it but i can
see it in her eyes that she wants to tell me much more.**

**" i never felt this " - she continues**

**While i know. It is exactly how i imagined.**

**I finally understand by experience what i understood by rational
thought before.**

**What past warrios and soldiers gave their life for without
hesitation.**

**Finding that one absolute truth that it transcends life.**

**Cause if he\'d try to force anything on her and getting aggresive, i
was ready to go there and fight him.**

**And if he\'s a fucking crazy man and would fight me to death in the
heat of the moment, blinded by passion and anger, i\'d fucking kill him
or die trying. And if i die, he\'s go to jail for the rest of his
life.**

**Either way, he will never see her again. She will never bear his
child.**

**I was prepared to do it despite any fear of death i have.**

**Later i started to better understand her dynamic with him.**

**It\'s not him forcing himself onto her and putting her in danger,
it\'s more of she not seeing how she could handle it without his
money.**

**Her choice, her attachment to her current lifestyle and the safety of
her children. I understand. She is safe.**

**This makes me feel more at peace, as long as they\'re not having kids.
The thought of her having his baby causes a great disturbance in me.**

**I cannot explain it, but it feels like she will not recover if she
does it again. She will completely give up real love and her body and
more so, her heart, will lose it\'s youth. This, of course, along with
everything i write, will always by my view of the world. My creation. It
is not always the same as others.**

**And i have to grant her that gift. Of making her own decisions, of
respecting and love her despite making choices i would not make.**

**One day I jokingly told her "i found another girl". And even though
she felt heartbroken, she said "Ok".**

**"I love and respect you" - she continued.**

**No anger, not wanting to hurt me back, just taking in all that idea of
suffering in her heart. This is who she is to the world.**

**I am left speechless in the image painted by her reactions. This is
what i want the mother of my child's to be like.**

**She traded finding and experiencing true love for the safety she found
in relationship with man she's not in love with.**

**But her spirit feels so young. It would have been just a matter of
time until this fire ignites.. Oh and when it does, it burns so brighter
than a thousand stars.**

**Thats how powerful i feel her love and affection.**

**Like a man who had been eating canned old food his whole life and
tates for the first time fresh fruits, lovingly cooked food, a good
coffee.**

**Just so, she tasted love and wants more and more and more.. Its
ecstatic.**

**And how i feel when i look at her. When i pull her close and breath
her body..**

**I could find her body in a room of a thousand girls even if i was
blind and deaf. \<3**

**The feeling of her curves and skin accompanied by the soft unique
scent she bears.**

**When i touch any part of her body, it feels like no woman i ever
touched before. It ignites my heart.**

**I would not change a single thing about her body.**

**At times, the flavors of life she makes me feel is making kaya(body)
tremble. Inside and outside.**

**I don't know what's going to be or happen, nor do i want to plan
anything.**

**One thing i knew in my heart since i was Tommy's age.**

**True love will find a way.**

**If it is true love, it will transcend anything. It is beyond human
concepts, distance, space, time, life.**

**I stand by that belief full-hearted.**

**No matter what happens, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it
should.**

**Beyond kaya, vedana and citta, i feel at peace.**

**How lucky i am to taste true love, no matter for how long. 🍀**

**Diary 2023 Jan - March**

17 Mar -

Just because what feels for me like the natural truth(embodied here as
Love), is the most important thing for me. Doesn't mean it is same for
her.

Her attachment to her current lifestyle and safety of her family seems
to be greater then love.

My creation vs Her creation.

Oh and the suffering when her creation is not matching mine 😂😂.

Korean restaurant triggered pretty bad by waitresses hard time to
understand and what felt like stupidity.

And i just realize its exactly what i would have felt if i was in her
situation.

Wow, now the trigger of rejections makes perfect sense. Its my view of
the world applied to others life.

What would I feel if i am them.

But i am not them. And not in their situation.

I am in my situation. My present. They are just part of my creation. It
says nothing about the validity of it.

Brotherhood moment with Dale.

" I got your back. "

" you look like a guy i wouldn't want to fight "

his attitude towards missfortune: " the sun is still gonna come back in
the morning. "

about frustrated persons: " have a good life, motherfucker "

😂😂😂 his reaction when he wanted to show me his way out taking out
someone but my brother Alex was protecting me. ❤️ ✝️

My chain of thoughts and feeling regarding going there and confronting
the guy, fueled by what i feel for her.

I experience by feeling how Spartacus and past warriors fought and died
without hesitation. For love. Of their family, wife, country.

I do not crave the bells of war.

But neither do i fear them.

The intese piti with a flavor of pain and fear when watching my stories
3-7 years ago. I was in so much pain. And most of the time, i was trying
so hard to look like i have found the answers and preaching them.
Because maybe then they would work for me.

But i was a stranger to my body, emotions, mind, spirit and their
interconnectivity.

Despite them, some of them are funny and few of them are true-hearted.

And as they progress, there is a hidden force directing them in the
direction of the dhamma.

Slowly, slowly they change focus.

Because i changed focus.

They end with my first "pussy cox" as i called it then and with solo
traveling/exploring.

The stories end with a fascinating contemplation about mind-body limits.

They beautifully portray the awakening of the hero.

Experiencing what Jorg said about movement. The kaya-sankhara of
movement.

For the first time, truly seeing beyond any particular way. Seeing all
flavors of movement and how connected they are to breath, vedana and
citta. Everything matters. Place, sounds, air, floor, barefoot, mirrors,
everything.

Experiencing the flavor of piti after this and each type of movement.
Know them all to play with them else. Else you will fall into deception
and be controlled by them.

Contemplating what is the absolute truth of the moment.

I cannot tell if it is vedana, but it feels like confronting the man
peacefully but not afraid of conflict.

I have absolutely no interest or drive in talking to any woman
romantically.

16 Mar -

Regardless of what unfolds with Ammy, the thought of moving here with my
grandmother feels very wholesome. ❤️

Lavinia triggered me with the compassion talk. Its so annoying what
she's doing because thats exactly what i'm doing 😂😂😂😂. Like starting
a conversation just to prove to herself that she's right.

Exactly what i did with the screenshot 😂😂 oh and the disturbance i
felt when she disagreed. And i hate that about myself, that insecurity
and seek for validation. Its not about what she is or feels, but just
about how i view and process her actions and what i think the feelings
behind are. My creation.

And there i stand, lecturing about compassion 😂😂😂 on a superior
tonality. What a fucking show, golden comedy if look at it from the
outside.

Yes, i hate that in my view of the world she is delusional about having
compassion, because in my view of the world I truly hate that i am
delusional.

She works exactly as a mirror.

I see it ❤️

Moment with Tommy and then listening to "when u came into my life"
bursting in tears of joy.

My relationship and dynamic to Tommy is nothing like my creation with
Dan. Its Whole.

Then more music came, perfect. I stopped in a intersection and cried for
a while.

15 Mar -

Tommy's dukkha.

The birthday party.

Niu. "Welcome to my world, Arac."

"The woman is a bonus to a true Man's health" - i finally understood
this by experience. It means that the man is still doing the things
which he was doing for his dhamma before meeting her.

That is for me: alone contemplation, reading bhikku now, eat same food,
keep walking my path despite she's joined me.

Even if time spent is with her, no matter. A true man'a identity will be
intact.

The freedom i feel. To move, to do whatever i want. Roll, wash teeth,
stretch. All of this combined with the presence of a loving beautiful
woman. It feels like i don't want anything else to be different. Full
contentment.

Once i stepped out of the I and calmly observe the happening AND i
connect to kaya-sankhara and calm it, i see Piti. A flavor of it.
Complete contentment regarding life, purpose and death.

More so, i feel sukha (happiness).

Interaction with Ben ❤️, the really hot gym girl. How easy and natural
amazingly hot girls interaction became.

Behind the coffee shop with Ammy. She is so passionate and skillful in
the arts of coffee making.

14 Mar -

After thinking about how can i lie to Lily, tell her i have work or some
problems, i just told her the truth. The truth always liberates.

Rejection feels just the same when you reject someone who likes u. The
more connection you think she feels, the more intense the feeling.

It is absolutely normal to feel something, some different sensations in
the body, which on past experiences and mind, are labeled as bad and are
sukhara for stress, panic, hopelessness.

Once you see this, you can become liberated. Not as in becoming a dead
body who doesn't feel anything, but by seeing the whole process of
conditioning from the outside. Becoming free of the I and seeing it as a
constelatiom between 2 human beings.

Pentru orice femeie, oricat de buna, exista un barbat care s-a plictisit
deja de ea.

It finally clicked. I understand.

Date and sex with Ammy. ❤️

Woke up bloated at 4:50. But i knew what i had to do.

Internet, music, comfortable lean back lazyboy, death stranding music. I
found my way of meditating. It was amazing, like experiencing something
completely new. Seeing my creation so clearly.

13 Mar -

Meeting Jorg:

cleaning the breath&lung system

Sometimes feels like im talking to myself

Everything is your creation, my creation.

Crazy how cats seem to be suddently very attracted to me.

Started with the one at Bainnamong and then what hit even harder, the
one from last night.

Its beyond anything i could have imagined how the moment turned into a
masterpiece.

Woke up even more bloated and inflamed than yestersday.

I know i fell to 3 dukkhas last night: coconut + milk + sugar bubble
tea + beer + smoking right before bed.

This paired up with being in close constellation with V, the many
thoughts and feelings in my doubt that she may be a trans.

It's understandable my friend. V was intense. I forgive you. I got this.
Love you.

12 Mar -

Date with V, the hot local celebrity. Damn. She is amazingly hot.

At some point tho, a thought of maybe she's a trans occurred.

This somewhat persisted on and off, depending on energy and angles.

Sex was wow!!!

One of the best, intense and most naturally unfolding experiences i've
had.

When i turned her to face the bed, her head so naturally moved and her
mouth met my hand like 2 pieces in a puzzle. They also met on mind
level, as she'd craved some suffering and i wanted her to be quieter.

So it was perfect. And this is where it got magical.

I could actually feel how bad it turned her on me getting in the role of
a father who hurts her while fucking her hard then pulls her close,
slowly and gives her all his love.

"Daa te iubeste tati." - while i pull her close and slowly move inside.
This feeling appears to be manifesting in her body.

I could feel this pattern and although it was interesting and intense to
go along the play, something doesn't feel right in this love language.

As in I, the father, would never hurt her. And thats why there is a
clear feeling that this is a one time-few times only.

But now reflecting, it becomes clear how much more enjoyable it makes
her father's touch and love if she knows the contrast of it.
Continuesly, in a play which her kaya and vedana no longer know its a
play.

It leaves me wondering if a woman without this stained pattern of love,
would she enjoy sex as much ? Its a clear no. She'd possibly enjoy more
the spiritual-life giving part of sex, but the act would never have
these kind of spikes.

Or maybe you could do it just the same ?

Same feeling as with other tiktoks. This one feels like best one yet.
There is definitely great improvement.

I'll call my asian personality- Lao. Sounds connected.

Bloating and some nausea in the morning.

Digestive system feels inflamed.

Last night food: crispy strip, sticky rice, mango coconut smoothie.
(Even thought did not eat before bed- body still reacted)

Agreements between citta-kaya for a healthy, thriving envinronment:

Fully listen to your body at every breath and bite. Without hesitation
caused by thought of discomfort or losing the money i paid if i don't
eat.

No sugar, clean food or no food. Make it a everyday mission, a game to
find some.

Let fruits belong in the morning-afternoon.

\*Give a lot of time to the body without eating before bed. (

11 Mar -

After blocking Renei, image was silent for a while. Instantly emerged on
Olesya post, which is one of the most sexy videos i have ever seen.

Her body is perfect, just pure perfection surrounded by this incredible
self love and confidence. Combine this with 2 seen she\'d given me and
it is the perfect vessel for \"The Image\".

Still, having the past experience and contemplation, it was not as real.
(still very tempting and sexy)

Met an old american guy who was together with a roughly 30 years old
young thai girl.

It was very insightful to see their dynamics.

I finally understand what Stefan applied when getting a lot of new girls
on insta then posting stories.

I can finally see clearly how great this is. I could not see that before
because I did not trust my self and the life i was living.

United in movement. Joined by 2 brothers in a pull up workout/contest
beyond languages.

Used the masculine energy as a tool for a better workout.

10 Mar -

Upper back pain on a really high scale in the past 1-2 days.

From a biomechanical pov, its either the dips or long scooter exposure
(most likely) or combined.

Same as lbp on motorbike, pain is felt at the mechanical shock when
breaking.

Felt the whole DFL very tensed, pulling the whole structure down into
compression.

Got a massage directed to DFL, felt pretty amazing when she listened.

Also a very relevant point is how much attention and energy i put into
the pain.

A wise man would use the 4 dhammas (sati, sampajana, samadhi and panna)
to peacefully avoid any further agravating situation while free of
attachment to outcome, cultivate relaxing envinronments. And make it so
that this happens on the background, so the mind is not so focused on
the pain and the process of getting rid of it, but allow life to flow.

The feeling when she said "me too my handsome boy" - the wholeness when
coming from a woman i'm really attracted to. Mommy \<3

Yesterday felt like a very beautiful, satisfying day. And i did nothing
special. Just was connected to my instinct and being truthful to it.

\- this was also accompanied by truthful eating and using panna through
sati for overcoming and offering the most thriving environment for the
body (teeth washing after food, comfortable driving, water, etc)

When what i know and feel about my most optimal eating and training is
fully respected, the body and mind feel amazing. A peaceful co-existing.

The eating&training patterns feel like the sankhara for that state of
free flowing of life. The state i had yesterday which is hard to put in
words, but it embodies wholeness. I felt connected and at peace with
life, death, the "I".

"Rejections" stopped feeling like rejections. They say nothing about me.

Analyzing sets, numbers with the intention of getting better is purely a
guideline for you to get to truly know yourself. Respect both mind and
heart.

Once this is achieved, their purpose vanishes. For when you truly know
and like yourself - and more so, allowing free expression to the outer
world, what "she" thinks no longer has any weight.

There is nothing to improve.

9 Mar -

Now this is Ludus. Most quiet little city so far. The birds start to
overtake the sound of cars around 7 pm on main road, city center.

Mechanic experienc in Ludus2 ❤️.

Short date with fang. Insightful.

My joints started again to be very thick, following along the heavier
breathing.

I just rolled one at the treehouse in a very quiet and peaceful energy.

Perfect roll. 3x times less tabbaco.

Always roll comfortable my friend.

Feeling amazingly rested.

Drive to Ranong.

8 Mar -

Climbing is a clear example sati-sampajana-samadhi. All 3 can be clearly
observed.

Listening to warrior motivation part 2 on youtube, i see the shadow, the
image, my dukkha in front of me and i tell it:

You have met your maker. Your match.

Bow.

Part 7. cleansing the body and spirit.

7 Mar -

Breath-body feels intoxicated from smoking. A modest break should be
contemplated.

In lack of connection to beautiful women, smoking becomes a sankhara for
masturbation. ( it can be also a sankhara for other things depending on
context )

See beyond. Beyond your own personal dukkha and the chase to solve it.

Have you forgotten how beautiful life dances around you in thousands of
humans each with their story?

Take a step back and relax.

Even as a 10, its possible and more so, natural not to have "successful"
women interactions.

This is a liberating idea to take to romania.

Back at Nook Hook ❤️.

God i'm so happy to get off this fucking island.

So much Greed, shallowness, vain. No thai authentic experience, but a
dirty and disgusting money machine.

6 Mar -

God i'm so happy i didn't take the bus but drove myself. Reflecting on
the four dhammas. And truly understanding them. Starting to not need
translation anymore and understanding how translating it makes it twist
meaning.

Sati - recollection of all things that need recollection in an action.
Instant Recollection of panna with aim to overcome the dukkha of that
activity.

(Like driving or getting rejected)

Sampajanna - wisdom-in-action. The wise use of what has been recollected
along with what the present brings.

(Ex - Changing position, breathing while driving)

Samadhi - single focused-mind.

Panna - knowledge of all things ought to be known to overcome the
dukkha.

5 Mar -

Reflecting on shadow.

Its clear that the shadow's ultimate purpose is death. A downward spiral
that can only ultimately end in death.

For in any other moment i would end the fantasy ("breaking up with
Rein"), i would be left utterly and completely unsatisfied. The only
thing that would bring joy is returning to this never(or death) ending
fantasy.

Complete attachment.

Vedana so powerful that it wants to kill both kaya and citta.

The sankhara for this vedana is the "image" of my mother as Jung puts
it.

It the condition for this vedana to exist, it is the activity of
conditioning (creating the image and interacting with it in citta) and
is it also the result of conditioning. (Hard dick, pain, desire and love
all around the body, citta going deeper and deeper)

I realise this is a perfect example of sati.

The mental image of the breathing steps. How powerful the citta is.

Just like through the feeling of the hard dick and waves around my
body - the mind creates this series of complex images with the sole
purpose of hanging on to these feelings, of attaching to them because
they feel so intense -

Just so the mind should be able to do so with the feeling of breathing
at the guard point. But instead of horniness and lust, cultivate and
maintain peace and calmness. 🤔

And just as you got to unconsciously (and later consciously) know your
citta-vedana-kaya ways to ignite your shadow-sankhara, you can learn, in
the same way - the calming of the body through creating mental images at
the guarding point.

One important aspect is that the shadow doesn't directly affect my
connections with women. Naturally, the ones not interested are filtered
and openness to reciprocity arises.

It does affect it tho in the way that it uses the life force and citta
becomes attached to this state. It is more of an inner experience than
outer. A spiritual disease. Dukkha.

4 Mar -

What is it with such amazing women's feet in this area? I saw some of
the sexiest feet ever.

3 Mar -

Date with Mook.

At first, i was not attracted at all to her. She was kind annoying with
the pushing of stupid stuff, turning so much to the cat, etc.

But i was not bothered. I enjoying my things.

I was in fucking slippers and loose white pants, rolled a joint and kept
doing/saying what i want.

At one point, she takes her feet out of the slippers and i see one of
the most sexy looking feet. So sexy.

I tell her about it and she becomes a bit unconfortable. But i
completely keep my frame. I am not bothered or in any way offended by
what she says/reacts.

We go to mall for za book and i am so comfortable, i just do whatever i
want. Naturally not reacting to any "shit tests". Especially about the
feet. (Which in the past i would have never ever do)

She started opening up to me, her body naturally beginning to trust mine
and feeling safe to be near it, touching it. She started making me
horny. Her feminine and sexual energy going towards the complete
opposite.

I asked her to show me her feet 1 more time before she left. She takes
her slippers off right near the car and it feels like she just gives
herself to me. Acknowledging her sex appeal.

This was the complete turning point when i was completely drawn to her.

Got home and masturbated thinking about her.

Reading Bhikku feels amazing. Unique feeling. I understand each point
he\'s making. More, i feel it.

The 2 kayas that exist. Flesh-body and breath-body. - Kaya-sankhara

The flesh-body is the thing conditioned by the breath.

Then, the breath as the conditioner.

Lastly, we observe the activity of conditioning.

See these 3 things together, simultaneously and continuously within the
mind.

2 Mar -

"Destiny calls. Dhamma calls. The supreme force. " - is it the best
attempt to put into words what i felt when contemplating to leave and
leaving Suan Mokkh. For my beliefs of the world and universe, that is
the supreme feeling.

It is beyond kaya, vedana, citta and Dhamma.

I felt it since i was a child. Star wars. Gladiators movies(being born
in Ludus). Western man falls in love with asian woman idea. The true
love, "i'll search you through thousands of lifetimes".

Buddhadasa Bhikku words and way to approach things feels so similar to
mine.

Calm at last.

There beautifulness and sexual energy in every woman.

1 Mar -

This is my city. My kind of city. My LUDUS.

Found a little local restaurant with best food i had yet in Thailand. -
full amazing meal for 40thb

And it also has a bubble tea shop.

I feel so happy and whole here. I'm so glad i found this city and
mistakenly bought the island tickets to 6 mar. Unconsciousness work.

Cultural difference hits again hard between bangkok and this. So much
calmer. Whole different air and energy.

The man fixing the door had the same exact energy and body language as
someone at home. Feels wholesome.

Wow, room is so big.

I taste the liberation of freedom and inner peace once again.

I will not be silenced.

Perhaps the energy of the founder buddhasa Bhikku which called me cannot
be found there anymore.

How can you teach living in the present as this emotionless state of
being?

With these hard and immense boundaries on all realms.

God, i feel so amazing and free.

I see the whole picture now.

I felt it was not the right thing for me from minute 1. When seeing all
these foreigners, so different from me. Then the guides.. almost
everything human related felt like not the right thing for me.

Except a few beliefs i already had and hearing different, more
insightful perspective of them made me feel whole. Like reading Jung.

It feels like going against nature. Why fight hunger, if you can feed
love to your body, not make it suffer.

Why hold from movement? If your body craves it. Like the old man moved,
like animals do.

Its fanaticism to deny the natural desires of the body. This is of
course, IF you truly are connected to your body and emotions.

Deny free exercise and enforce yours.

Deny free relaxation of the body to enforce your beliefs about movement.

Its fanaticism.

For someones who is not aware, yes. Might work. Would feel completely
different.

But i love my self. How i deal with sadness, happiness, defeats, life
ideologies, my destiny, and everything about them.

Being here feels like enforcing different ones by the one you know are
right in your heart.

Thats why it felt like school.

Thats why you could sit and listen to Claudiu lectures for hours and not
feel like you need to get out of there. As you felt sitting there or
listening to them talk. As you felt in school.

YOU CANNOT GO AGAINST YOUR INSTINCT WITHOUT GREAT SPIRIT SACRIFICE.

Left. After arriving at a cafe and chilling

You cannot teach how to live in the present by a x day course with fixed
schedule.

So much emotional pressure inside, like my instinct saying its not
right.

I realized my freedom had been completely taken away.

The awakening at night's snake.

28 Feb -

Something is not right. Im contemplating leaving.

A question arrises tho when i fill in the form. Why am i here?

I realized i had already fully accepted my faith and path in life, which
was the foundation upon the initial reasons were built upon. To fix my
pain and feel whole.

I already did more then that. Not fixed my pain, but embraced it.
Integrated not banish it from my being. And i do feel whole.

So why am i here?

To study buddhism is the first that comes to mind. But it's
half-hearted. Not fully spoken from within.

After a long and doubtful road, i have arrived at Suan Mokkh.

27 Feb -

Lily 🤍.

Hours before leaving to temple, i pull and fuck a 10.

Everything is god given. Embrace.

Getting into the plane and the take-off process felt very enjoyable. I
laughed and some tears filled my eyes.

Just before take-off, i booked another flight tomorrow for temple.

Without hesitation. Fear off planes integrated? 🙏

Payment for bus ticket was not working on final bt pay application.

I later found a much much easier alternative.. plane. I book it with
ease in my heart.

The shadow, as i've called it, is wanting to be lived so badly with
Renei. But there are 2 main points why this fantasy could never be
lived:

1\. The feeling wants to be lived forever. Like a drug or addiction.
Cause whenever you restrain from using it, all others beings are left
hurt. Body, money, life purpose, etc

2\. It's very purpose is to deny love. Kill love. And it wants to do it
forever.

26 Feb -

Enjoyed some good food and drinks in the last evening. Vietnam is
amazing.

Hoi-An trip.

13:13. I-am innebunit pe asiatici cu supa supa supa 😂😂😂

How truthful to myself i have been with Reen. Sent her home, the pork
chos, the kissing, everything. Complete truth to myself.

**25 Feb -**

A clear indicative to be used in seeing how attracted i am to a girl..
Vezi daca ti se scoala pula cand esti cu ea 😀

Date with reen.

⛰️ The peak of narcissism. Its past midnight.

A hot girl i just met a few hours earlier is laying in my expensive
hotel bed, in nothing but her panties. Her hand is reaching out towards
me, asking me to join her.

I am standing completely naked in front of my self-built tripod holder
consisting of a table on top of a chair, carefully placed to reach a
specific camera height. Completely absorbed by swiping through the
pictures she just took of me. Zooming in and focusing on the details in
each picture, instantly disregarding her invitation. Did not even moving
my eyes from phone to her.

I'm wet, pumped, freshly out of a hot bath photo session i just
basically forced her into taking for me.

She was high and tired and i soon realized i can't do this with a timer
as i'll be completely wet after 1 picture and had only 10 seconds to get
in. So regardless of how she felt, i pushed her into taking pictures.

And just as i stand there dripping on the floor, i realize. This is the
fucking peak of narcissism. The absolute symbol of being self-absorbed.

Guy in expensive hotel room, bringing home a hot girl only to take
pictures of him naked. Pushing her away as she tries to pull him to bed
or kiss him. Sending her to eat on the balcony because he didn't like
the smell of her chips. Ends the night wet, pumped, naked, looking at
pictures of him in the middle of the room.

Arranging furniture in the house as she sleeps. Finding the only peace
in a glance in the mirror.

Hurrying to send the pictures to his personal photograph for a little
edit touch.

Just so he can go on the balcony alone and smoke weed while re-watching
his story.

😂😂😂😂

I realize this and i laugh.

And more so, i feel at complete peace.

Because i know its just a funny story. I knew from minute 10 that i
don't wanna fuck, kiss or be with this girl tonight. She's hot but no
chemistry. Very different to what i'm looking for.

So i'll hang out with her as friends. Get high. Eat. Laugh. Which we
did.

And although its true what i've written above about my actions and
thoughts with a touch of the writer's exaggeration, there is also
another side of the coin.

I did ask her to eat near the balcony the pork chips as they stink so
bad, but i dragged her the comfortable couch there and covered her in
the bed blanket to be warm.

I arranged the furniture, but i mostly lifted it without noise.

Yes why not send them to mihai, its 9pm in Romania and he fucking takes
forever to edit. Maybe it'll be done in 1 week.

And yes i'll go smoke weed and re-watch the star wars temple story ❤️

So if i'd replace the story with Pelicanu in her role (except doesn't
call me to join him in bed, but to join him for eating) the exact same
chain of events would be absolutely normal.

Anyway, despite the fact that i stand by my actions and call them
true-hearted, its obvious that there was a powerful energy in the room,
of a girl giving herself to me.

I feel and realize this as i scroll through the photos.

In the past, out of a photo session i liked 1 of 15 photos. Sometimes
less. Now, as i looked at photos more closely, i disliked 1 in 15. In
each photos i see a very attractive man, with a very true and powerful
energy. 🙏❤️ . Its hard to believe it for me but it's true.

Like i start seeing myself as a true man. No longer a boy. I believe
this is the effect of truly leaving home. A powerful step with huge
impact. Leaving home. True aloneness. 10.000 km away. And be free.
Express.

You ride freely to any place you want and park right outside.

People use the horn a few times in every intersection/take-over to let
everyone know.

Vietnam feels so different from Thailand. People really give everything
they can do help/offer the best experience possible. The airport sim
girl running after me, the shop guy jumping to pick up my helmet.

You take your shoes off in most shops/restaurants. This feels amazing.
There are sometimes even house slippers in the bathroom you can use.

Most chairs and tables are much shorter, feeling more comfortable.

Luxury hotel.. the maid turned the fucking shower head in order for me
not to get a cold water splash.

Bought some really cool clothes, i feel awesome in them.

Natalja, the girl i ran into Tenerife more than 1 year ago, was in
thailand last month and now she\'s here, 20km away.

Coffee shops are so comfortable to sit in. The music, seats, staff,
drinks, everything connects and works together for this relaxing,
peaceful energy.

There is a buddhist temple outside my hotel. Of course i went this
morning to check it out.

It was Saturday job from 8:00-11:00. I spent 2 hours going along with
it. Body and spirit felt amazing. Did at least 200 full bows, the ones
nialau talked about. Doing them in such a mass, music and energy is
totally different.

24 Feb -

Woke up - 3:33.

On my way to Vietnam.

I burst in laughing as the plane takes off and makes it's first
maneuvers.

Its truly amazing what mankind has accomplished. And truly beautiful to
put my faith in it.

I wanted to throw away the sim pack at least 4 times but something
stopped me. I now realize its where i put my old SIM.

I feel different as i walk around the airport towards my new flight to
Vietnam. That pressure of finding and approaching girls is completely
gone. I feel peace.

However, i do want to experience more. Although i feel somewhat guilty
of flirting with other girls after our connection. But we agreed that
we're not looking for any commitments.

This is reflected in her complimenting other man and in her uncertain
attitude towards the future.

I continue to be amazed of how much she loves life. Just getting
barefoot, sitting, writing, seeing and running to water or flowers.

I cannot find the words to express how much love i feel in her heart,
but its amazing to be around.

How we both sat on the elevators stairs going down and stretched when it
went up. 😂😂

What are the chances, 2 little humans with so different life stories,
but yet they reach very similar physical patterns and emotional
awareness.

This time, she wrote in her diary as soon as feelings came up.

It raises the question which i've been asking often. If you stop to
write about it, don't you get out of the moment you're actually writing
about ?

Other times she did not write at all.

I don't think there's a clear way to do it, just whatever you feel.

Do what u love ❤️ .

Now, she makes me feel very horny and attracted to her. Its a totally
different feeling than first time we had sex.

First time, it felt like our souls were not ready yet.

It was satisfying, but somewhat empty. Like purely our bodies were
fucking, not our spirits making love.

And until today, i didn't feel like doing it again. There was no
pressure.

I was amazed of how she enjoys the sun, or water, or eating, anything
and all things just as much as kissing or fucking.

All of them, just manifestations of life. Different tonalities of the
same music. And she is in love with the music, whatever form that might
take in the present.

But today.. that feeling changed. As she was sitting down in the
airport's garden, i gently approach her and we start kissing. Slow. I
feel so connected to her body.

She'd slowly move her hand over mine. Acknowledging it. My unique
birthmarks, the blow of wind in my hairs, the hands. Seemed like she
wants to know every part of my body.

And as she does that, loves every part of it.

Just as i got to explore, know and love every part of hers.

Now i feel like our souls are ready to make love. More so, that they are
being pulled to each-other.

Asked her to come join me at the airport.

I'm starting to feel different with her, more connected, more attracted
to her as i begin to truly know her.

Its magical.

She is so alive and in love with life and through life, to me. Yet her
body is somewhat distant. It invites very gentle gestures in and pulls
away from anything sexual, more so in public spaces.

And to be honest, i didn't feel like getting intimate with her yet. But
now all of who she is, as i start to see it, i start to love it.

"I like all of you" - she tells me while pointing from head to toe.

11:11 - sitting here with Jane.

In the last few days it's been crazy how often the time tells me i'm
exactly where i'm supposed to be.

23 Feb -

Felt sicker and sicker. Woke up at 2 and had to get out. Walked.

Every cell in my body is telling me to get out of BKK.

Body felt very sick, from the traffic pollution is seems. Taking
alternative ways as bts and wearing mask helps a lot. The body is always
talking to you.

Random encounter with Jane exactly second after she'd writted my name
down.

Deeper into Miss Cosmopolitan Myanmar 2019 life story.

22 Feb -

Rest of the day with Jane.

First true king-speech. From the inside. Just like writing in my diary.
Art.

Choice of libido to be manifested by feeling of complete suffering
(masturbating about queen rein humiliating me) or feeling of affection
and wholeness (holding Jane's hand, her grabbing me on scooter).

Its a choice and you can't have both at the same intensity, for
masturbation drains the libido life force.

Ce fain ii sa stai acasa frate.

Doar sa stai acasa. Liniste, pace, siguranta. Nam mai facut asta cu
adevarat de cand am plecat din Romania.

Always remember, you could be one interaction away from having an
amazing time, day, night with a girl .

So many different people, stories, subjective views of what is normal,
happiness, good, bad.

Being barefoot, walking barefoot (in slippers) feels amazing. The whole
foot to be free and breathing.

21 Feb -

Added the last value which i am looking for in a woman:

Sees me close to how i see myself, sees and likes the real me.

20 Feb -

Day with Jane.

While training, i see a beautiful girl walking in park blowing baloons.
Such a powerful image.

So childish, pure and feminine. I go to her. She is a bit held back at
first, but then slowly stars investing and becoming comfortable with me.

She has a little bag with the marijuana sign hanging onto her purse.

I ask her to go get bubble tea with me. She says Yes.

There is something different about her. Her mind seems to have taken a
different path than most people.

Logic and reason do not exist in her realms. She is controlled and
living purely through her emotions and connection to the outside world.
She becomes fascinated and her attention is immediatly drawn away by
random outside stimulis like a flower, a child, an animal.

It\'s quite beautiful to watch actually. A free spirit, who does not
care about what people think or what would be the rational thing to do.
But just do it. Let whatever feelings come up manifest without judgement
or resistance.

Then i started to know her life\'s story. I was so curious how did she
get so free, how could she find such enjoyment in everything and in
everyday.

Well, it seems that just as I did. Through pain. Although she had it
worse.

Phisycal and emotional mountains of pain, revolving around her country,
family and running away.

With her country at war, she fought for the peace and love of her
people, only to be thrown into jail for a couple of months and then
prociding to hide away in the jungle. Here, she learned how to fire a
gun and fight.

But her heart disagreed. No more fighting. No more partaking in Death.

So she ran away to Thailand. Alone.

Many tattoos all over her body, each of them telling a different story.
They are mostly about travelling, love, freedom and her life\'s
ideology.

\'\'I\'m still in love with my ex\'\' - she tells me while talking about
her love life. I don\'t mind. I think we\'re both so in love with the
present moment every day(her even more then me), that past and future
fades in the beauty of the present.

Definitely her body language was somewhat holding back, but gently
starting to feel safe around my body\'s energy.

Everywhere we went, people were looking at her. She is so out of the
ordinary, that when she enters a new space, all eyes are drawn to her.
Some admiring the pure, childish heart and emotions, others judging. I
don\'t care what people think. I looked at her with pride each time.
Pride that someone could be so completely in love with life.

We go buy weed near her home. I take her hand for just a few seconds.
Her body is responsive. I let go. I\'m in no rush. She pays for a part
of it. I appreciate that.

We get to my place and listen to music. I like her taste. We each roll
one joint. She watches closely as i roll with Cosu\'s teachings.

Watching her move around the house, it\'s like watching myself in a
different body and time, doing whatever i want without the fear of my
parents or society reactions. It\'s amazing.

She sees the tube of honey. Opens it quickly. Pours onto her hand. Honey
falls down. She licks her hand and reaches for a napkin to wipe the
floor. In this turn, she forgot she had a water bottle in hand and
spills all over the floor. Then throws a towel to wipe the water. It was
so fucking adorable and hilarious watching her go through all this.

All my childhood i was so afraid to do something like this and when i
did, my parents would argue and criticize me. But here i was, the
universe giving me the chance to see \'myself\' and just let her be.
Laugh. Smile. Despite how society reacted to my past similar
experiences, i did not want to change anything about her. Just let her
be. Experience her in her natural vibe.

I lay down and ask her to come in bed with me. She comes. I lay on my
back with my arm around her. It feels very wholesome. I feel just as the
minimalist hippies felt in \'Bob Marley vibes\' movies.

I learn she also has a journal and writes about her deepest thoughts and
feelings.

We go to my favorite indian place. She randomly asks for a pen&paper.

Writes something. Hands them to me.

\'Now you write something about what you\'re feeling right now. In your
language\'.

I do and hand it back. She looks and writes 2 more rows.

She loved my food choice so much more than hers. (just like I used to
many times)

While reaching to take more of my food, she spills water. Then as she
begins cleaning it, mistakenly hits fork and it flies into the ground,
staining her dress. I just watched and laughed with a warm heart.

Oh how many times i did something like this as a child and how badly
criticized i was.

God is giving me the chance to re-write history.

Put love instead of hatred. Smile. Let her be exactly as she is. I feel
happy.

Of course, to end the restaurant scene, a napkin had sticked into her
right shoe her walking outside the restaurant had a cartoonish vibe.

Riding with her is starting to feel easier. She sometimes puts her head
on my shoulder and wraps her arms around me slightly. This feels very
wholesome and it warms my heart in the madness of BKK\'s traffic.

We go to a park. Beautiful, beautiful park. She tells me about her
leaves collection, how she takes leaves and puts them into her diary,
and writing something about that memory. I think that\'s so magical,
binding the phisycal realm (through the leaf) to the pshicological
realm(through her words).

Again, her attention flies aways many times to flowers, animals, water,
views, sounds, everything.

\'\'I will remember these moments forever\'\' - she tells me on a quiet,
loving tonality.

Me too. At one point, i pulled her close and she kissed me.

I take her home to change.

\'I want to fuck you\'

She tells me as she gets on the bike. My face drops slightly.

I\'m not sure if i heard it right. All of a sudden, this shy, held-back
attitude calling things so directly.

\'I want to go back to your place and spend the night together.\' - she
continues

\'Me too.\' - i tell her as i grab her left thigh and pull it closer.

We stop for bubble tea. She insist of paying for both of them. I was
really touched by her gesture.

I insist to pay, but her mind was very clear and set to do it.

We get home, play music again and smoke. Out of all the places in the
house, we sit on the balcony. We both feel it. We\'d rather sit on the
ground in the calm air of an evening than in the comfort of the inside.

19 Feb -

Som shows signs of pull back. How woman mind and emotions work is
absolutely astounashing.

Once again, all body's systems react to all outside factors. They bind
with it.

The wind, the sun, the peace, the little flies, the music, the
honey-lime tea, the distant view on the river, reading - all together
paint the present moment.

Natura cafe - this is highest frequency cafe i had ever seen.

The psychology of the unconscious.

Crazy how Jung refers to the libido similar to how i did, beyond sexual.
Like a cosmic energy, a life force.

He also beautifully named the concept i was writing about - the "mother"
in my childhood fantasies not being my real mother, but my illusion of
it.

He calls it Image. (And Imago father)

" The thought of how disturbing it would be if our real feelings and
thoughts could be read.

But what is so shameful in these secrets of the soul?"

"Why is it so painful for man to admit that the prime influence in all
human endeavor is found in the ego itself, in its desires, wishes, needs
and satisfactions, in short, in its need for self-expression and
self-perpetuation, the evolutionary impetus in life?"

" Life itself has needs and imperiously demands expression through the
forms created. All nature answers to this freely except man.

His failure to recognize himself as an instrument through which the life
energy is coursing and the demands of which must be obeyed, is the cause
of his misery."

" To those who have been able to recognize their own weaknesses and have
suffered in the privacy of their own souls, the knowledge that these
things have not set them apart from others, but that they are the common
property of all and that no one can point a finger of scorn at his
fellow, is one of the greatest experiences of life and is productive of
the greatest relief."

18 Feb -

Here's some food for thought. You rejecting a girls feels just like you
getting rejected.

Wanted to come home but i randomly checked google maps i was kinda close
to the Floating market and it was open.

So despite feeling dirty,tired and not having anything to smoke, i go
anyway. 50 min Drive.

I eat sticky rice out of some sort of bamboo glass.   Barely, barely
processed, like it\'s a piece of the tree.

I swear this material feels absolutely amazing.

I walk past 2 monks blessing people who pass by.

First time i got wet i didn\'t know here it was coming from. I somewhat
panicked and looked cautiously around. Then i saw it and stopped
resisting it.

Passing the second monk i close my eyes and take it in. How beautiful to
have something like this in a public market, blessing all the people who
walk around.

I open my eyes and i see her. Som. Prettiest girl i had seen so far in
the market walk.

Definitely thai, but i had a feeling she spoke good english.

There is something fascinating happening with thai girls who speak good
english. It\'s like learning the outside ways subtly changes their
body\'s alchemy. All of them who i\'ve met so far (10+), have this scent
of western world in their facial expression. She had it too.

Despite being alone, she eate so peacefully. I need to see what she\'s
about.

Because of the last 2 days being filled with shallow connections and
compatible people, i was hesitant.

Fuck being tired, sweaty and not having much luck with people lately.
It\'s all my limiting beliefs.

Such a beautiful connection and date, walking and then finding the
Bamboo Hut.

Seeing her habits and ways around a man, i get a glimpse of what she\'s
like when in a relationship.

Like thinking about my comfort and seeing us as a team who works
together, not individuals each with their own interest. This is really
beautiful and rare.

I start portraiting this really kind and nurturing girl.

How many rejections and unfullfilled attempts would you take for
something like this? One? A hundred?

Would any shake you if you knew it was just a step towards something
like this?

The vespa scooter with a bag on back is fucking amazing. So comfortable
to drive. To leave stuff and helmet in bag. Unbelievable. I will get a
scooter just like this at home.

17 Feb -

Date with Cherry. I was a bit anxious in the sense that i felt a similar
Ariana vibes in her messages. Like friends. Yes, disperatu's worst
nightmare 😂.

Whole date was sometimes perceived subjectively at times. Like im not
experiencing her, but experiencing my "past" experiences and limiting
beliefs.

Other times as she dominating me financially which turned me on so so so
so bad.

Other times as seeing beauty in her authentic lifetime story.

There was no connection between our spirits. It did not feel like love.

Seeing her outside her job came with a pretty clear idea of who she is.

There were times when she displayed such honest emotions.

So egocentric, only re-affirming her already created beliefs, not
listening, not understanding.

She talked about her ex having 100k followers, how she attracts only
cheaters, relationship with her mother, passed away father.. and on and
on and on.

There is an immense gap between us.

Her body language was just barely open.

Past life-consuming questions like "how do i get sexual, i should be
getting sexual" are sometimes felt. And the pain which comes with the
"reconfirmation" of the patterns.

In retrospect, she was not sexually interested in me. Doesn't matter if
cause she just went to jail or isn't attracted to my energy. Doesn't
matter. But its clear she wasn't.

Therefore, is it not a puzzle, not about your "greatest fear" of the
nice guy paradigm.

And, being truthful, you were not truly attracted either. As the primal
fuel for it being reciprocity.

So there's nothing to change about yourself in terms of future
interactions. Nothing. No pain to takeaway.

So much we see the world through our already made beliefs, like millions
of little patterns trying to reconfirm. Just like the scarred face
people study and discrimination.

Freedom. As the song came just perfectly for today's vlog, i remember.

I remember that day when marian confronted me and i was imagining
quitting my job and tasting freedom.

Writing freedom somewhere big in my house and see it every morning.

Look at you now, my friend.

There is a feeling of faith, as in, despite my beliefs at the time of
events happening, reflecting upon it feels like they ended up unfolding
in such a heavenly way. Couldn't have imagined it so. This is faith.

How the moto trip south actually ended up into this ancient city day.
Bike would have broken far away from home and things would had been so
complicated.

Bike broke down 😂. Waited 1 hour and changed with scooter.

The beautiful thing about the game.

At any time, no matter how many or less u talk to, you're just one
interaction away from completely shifting the story.

At anytime, you can disregard every girl you're currently talking to.
Release them and create new connections.

Ancient city.

Ideal weather

Bike no. 3

Shiva encounter.

Jivaka Kumat Bhaccha story.

First encounter with elephants. What magical creatures.

16 Feb -

So many rejections in so many forms. Not much trigger, but tiring.

Four cold welcomed rejections. Let them flow. How many cold ones until a
wonderful one ? 5 ? 10 ? Just one more ?

15 Feb -

Befarts1@gmail.com - Ben

The extremely hot girl theory.

Thousands of men attention to her amplifies her sexual energy.

If you are connected with yours, it will feel very intense.

The Gate of Passion.

Revelations & Theories - LBP - Pull-ups and push-ups

Slight activation of the left lateral line will mostly make the lb not
flare up.

Done some sets of push ups and pull-ups and felt really good.

Everything is energy and binds with our body and spirit.

How amazing not so proccessed cotton feels on the body, or how the
bamboo felt in erawan park, like making love to my skin when touching
it.

These high-frequency materials, habits and persons must be taken into
consideration and made part of my life. It would be a shame not to.

14 Feb -

Approaching a girl who doesn't understand your language doesn't trigger
anything. Now look deeper into "your language". For this also applies to
Romanian girls.

After 10 days of observing, i started riding here. Its like i belong.

In some way, my whole life i've been practicing this chaotic but
functioning riding style.

We go home together and sleep.

I feel whole holding her close to me. Amazing.

First Valentine\'s Day i feel complete.

Just holding her.

Being in absolute contact with her sexual chakra feels amazing. Its so
powerful.

13 Feb -

Midnight approached and i\'m on Sukhumvit. Thinking about going to see
Chu or just walking around.

Suddently, an amazingly hot girl walk by. She looks at me for 1 second
and passes by.

Is she a night worker ? She is almost too hot for one and her energy
feels different.

Fuck it. I turn around and go to her.

She\'s one of the most beautiful girls i have ever seen.

And her body\... My perfection.

Again, the play is happening. Not giving it to kissing and big flirting,
but playing the game of opening up to eachother mentally and phisically.
It\'s crazy how beautiful this is. We cheers to Destiny.

There is only one thing i want right now. To fall asleep together with
her.

I tell her. She\'s hesitant, doesn\'t believe i just want that.

I speak from my heart and she understand, she wants it too.

We leave towards my house.

I just realize\.... It\'s Valentine\'s day. We met at around 00:20.

Date with grace. God how sexy it feels how i drove so long and she's the
one running late. Such queen vibes.

There is something about her that i can\'t really put into words, but
she feels really incompatible with me. Smile, feet, her sense of humor
and view on the world.. I spent some hours with her as a friend.

Interaction with extremely beautiful local girl and her family food
house business.

The body reacts to enerything in the envinronment. Fascial along with
all other systems, perceive all external stimuli and turn them in
internal.

Like how light breeze from AC changes my body alchemy. Incredible.

Massage key:

Wow. Its completely different experience.

They communicate through their work not words.

The magic is finding and navigating right below body's natural "threat"
line. This is done by intuition and client-massager relationship. Don't
"fight" the line by power of the mind. Let body react naturally.

11:11 phone check.

Fascial system reacts to light, environment, music, fire. All these
things must be taken in consideration.

Shifting energy. What if i told you, you are 24 cold rejections away
from finding love?

How excited would you be to get your first ones ?

There's only so many "no"-s between you and what you want.

12 Feb -

Taking care of her feels so wholesome. Like taking away her heavy purse.

Really cute date.

I don't have to do anything but get a girl to go out with me and simply
be myself.

It was so playful as i had to "earn" the right to get into her intimate
space.. its so amazing to play the game.

What if its actually a beautiful thing to slowly know a woman. Make her
feel safe. Play the game of flirting and connecting.

Beyond the limiting belief that i must "kiss" her or else she'll
friend-zone me.

Do stuff with her that you'd normally do. Let your lives naturally join
for a while.

Just like a play, enjoy it. Don't ruin it by skipping it to the end,
afraid you're not gonna like the act.

Date with Nook.

As Narinder said, its a woman's right to be late.

Amazing shit and listening to music.

Everything is energy.

11 Feb -

I slept so horny and felt, in a way, complete. Like i have so so much
love to give.

As night came, i ended up in a bar i\'ve never been before, being
drawned by a really sexy woman in her 30s.

My dick was hard for one hour. She was so sexy. Such a porn face. And
most of all, energy.

I made love to her.

Many active conversations.

Found purpose i am excited about and everything changed. I suddently
have energy, digestive system is starting to calm down.

Amazing "mall" toilet experience.

Everything u could wish for: trash, ass washer, ac breeze, shelf,
disinfectant, space.

Felt bloated, tired and drained. Wanted to go home.

Feeling pretty bloated today and with digestive system in need of
attention.

**Remember my friend:**

What u eat

When u eat

How much u eat

10 Feb -

Largest buddhist temple

First buddhist temple - in construction

Erawan waterfall

Been thinking about manifestation/law of attraction from time to time.

Cafe lake view. So quiet.

Again, same feeling as Numthang's.

People seem to build and co-exist so harmoniously with nature.

Blending their settlement and doing into it, not separating the 2 worlds
completely.

9 Feb -

Arrived at Numthang.

Closely watched him cook.

Family dinner.

Falling asleep on the laughters of the father and his 2 daughters.
Numthang and Thangnum.

Whole house energy was so integrated in nature, and integrating nature
in the same time. There was no separation.

Changing your body's alchemy through breathing.

Shaman exercise and slow relaxed breathing.

Kantchaburi trip -

The old man teaching me his ways of pray, relaxing, being.

They are so peaceful

8 Feb -

Meeting random smoothie girl- and spending a fun night with her.

Meeting with Naridar - Ancestry.com

\- Akshardham near New Delhi

\- Nature makes opposites attracts ( as in asian girls + western men )

Don't think of anything visa/plan related for 7 days. Re-think then
based on how you feel.

Let go of the numbers. You want to make more money, not keep more money.

Relax my friend.

After all, its only money. Nothing more than an idea. Let them flow.
Free the path of your limiting beliefs. Let go. Let go of limits, you
won't spend more than you feel to.

You are so smart and always find amazing patterns. Really you are
amazing.

So relax. You don't know when we'll be back on Asia soil again. So it
would be a shame not to fully experience it. Beyond all the details,
you'll find solutions when the moment comes. I trust you. So you trust
me.

7 Feb -

Realization 2:

How she comes to you if you're being cool and backed off. Chu
experience.

Realization 1:

Coming to thailand and only seeing bangkok/pattaya is like only seeing
bucuresti and costinesti in Romania. Go out my friend.

Visa surprises. Extended only for 7 days.

KNP lady and her staff argue that this is because i came to soon.
(Although she said OK)

I wonder if this is true or if she knew it was a scam all along?

Meeting the old man who successfully extended his points that it would
be true.

I feel so strong. Ready and able to push, pull, fight.

This is why i train.

A lot of girls things did not work out, not following back, not
investing, me not liking them, and on and on and on.

The "dating cheats" not consist in having every woman love you, but in
the physical appearance not playing a part in the "rejection".

I feel beautiful and at peace with who am i, i don't want any girl who
doesn't like me for that.

Lets say woman are like looting for items in Diablo. You put energy and
time, and most of the time you're not finding what u want. But that
doesn't bring u down at all, in the contrary. It makes u play more.
Enjoy the road not destination.

All past girls who i wanted things to work out and didn't, are actually
unmovable pieces in the immense puzzle that the present is.

If things worked out with Chu, with gym girl yesterday, and many more, i
would not had experience last night.

And so it goes on and on.

Just like i felt when meeting Jennie in Tenerife. That i'm so glad all
rejections happened which led me to her.

This is continually happening, except sometimes i am too caught up in
the passion's high and low moments.

So let rejections unfold. Hundreds. Let life unfold.

It appears the more presence, thinking and longing for a woman i put in,
the more attracted i am. I have to be attracted tho.

**6 Feb -**

**I feel at peace.**

**There is much peace beyond the continuous and tiring search for
women.**

Went to rainbow 5. After a few min, I see mimi. I am again absorbed. A
clean 10 both physically and especially energetic. Wow.

I buy her a drink and she says she doesn't do drinks, only goes
"outside". She's really in character. Talking to her i manage to get
bits of feedback from her real self, but very slightly. She is so
confident, so amazing. I pay to take her outside.

It was like i always imagined making love to a woman. See her gorgeous
from every possible lighting. Every possible angle. And she was.

Seemed like she started to like me and was kissing me back really hard.
Meeting her lips felt amazing.

Being inside her felt so warm and sexy.

I finished while kissing her and fucking her slow and it felt amazing. I
saw her just as beautiful and attractive as before.

Wow. What an experience.

I had no urge to be in any kind dominated by her, only loved. Felt.

**I feel complete. No longing for any other woman now. Not chu, not wu,
not gym girl. Only slightly thinking about her.**

**It feels so relieving, like a break from all the woman chasing. From
all the running to fill the void.**

**The indian food really affected my stomach. I felt it was bad half way
through, maybe even at first bite but kept going.**

**Revelations & Theories - LBP**

**In the last 3-4 days, lbp has been almost unnoticeable.**

Multiple lifestyle factors have changed and integrated since I arrived.

Most noticeable:

A lot of walking and diversity in movement.

Strength training volume greatly reduced.

Time spent on pc drastically down from many hours to almost none.

Many women touching my life

Frequent massages

Now as I\'m writing this, it feels slightly triggered when I lift my
arms to change positions and write - and lbp activates in this pattern.

**Many times my experience in thailand feels like playing GTA. Exactly.
NPC's, missions, real players/characters.**

Unlocking perks as how i'm riding the bike, foods, habits etc.

This analogy offers great dissociation from character.

Great dissociation from "I".

**Japanese saying**

"Your face is the face of the person you loved the most in your past
life."

This would exactly explain Ariana's vibes when i look at myself.

How amazingly beautiful i see her nose along with every other feature of
her face.

Perhaps her body, not her spirit and soul, they resemble my past lives
loved one.

And how my face, laugh, not so photogenic, resemble hers. Similar, but
different.

This would mean i am incredibly beautiful. How beautiful she was in my
eyes. Every angle, every light, so beautiful am I to the world.

**5 Feb -**

**I just experienced another low-high woman episode filled by sexual
energy.**

I leave the bar feeling a bit down cause she got away.

A hot girl outside blondies. Something unusual about her.

So sexy hands, feet, legs, body. ass, breasts. Just wow.

I sit down with her and find this fluently speaking english girl.

First one after Pim. Her phrases, reactions and energy slightly resemble
Pim\'s.

**Arrived at rainbow 5.**

Mimi is not here. I look around. Nothing impressive but a girl i
confused mimi with. Cause she was slow dancing just as her.

Anyway, it was the best in the club, so i sit and come watch her after a
few sips.

**Now.. i thought she was normal hot, but when she kept looking away
from me, i started to get more aroused by her.**

Then she got off slow the stage and sit somewhere i had to move to see
her. She didn't look at me while walking.

**Such a confident vibe, i cannot explain but her sexuality
sky-rocketed.**

**Then she kept looking at herself in the mirror as she's in love with
her body and presence.**

**I feel absolutely sexually in love with her.**

She hasn't look at me since.

A client took her. I can't find a quiet place to observe.

After 10 min, she left with him. God she was so sexy.

**A lot of things unlock here:**

1- Big nose limiting belief - girls really find it attractive here

2- barefoot complex gone

3- wearing sandals and slippers to dates

**I\'ve been thinking about Mimi, i want so badly to see her again.**

I never felt that sexual energy in any girl.

I feel absolutely amazed by how slowly and sensual she danced.

And when she danced and sat on my lap and dick, it was like her forms
were perfectly matching my form.

They merged together perfectly through my cotton pants. It felt wow.

**Revelations & Theories - GAME - my subjective difference between 2
worlds**

Its the exact same game dynamics as back home except 2 main things
things which are interconnected:

1- The outer world - MOST Asian girls see my FALANG presence as exotic,
hot, new, mysterious.

2- The inner world - I have confidence in me and rejections and insults
fly by me without pondering

**It\'s crazy how I experienced so many beings inside Wun's. To see her
beyond a single interpretation.**

Each time I saw her, there was a different being predominant.

Sad Wu, drunk Wu, loving, horny, angry, happy, in love and on and on and
on and on.

Wu said she wants to meet. She was drunk. Spent the night at my place.
My attraction to her has really diminished after seeing her like that.

**4 Feb -**

**I arrived on Sukhumvit feeling down and purposeless because of recent
2 shortcomings. Not feeling to talk to people, to girls.**

But i go anyway to nana plaza. Nothing made me stop.

And then.. bum. Rainbow 5. Mimi. I cannot express how sensual and slow
she moved. How confident she was, not there to tryhard, but to express
her sexuality. Amazing. We flirt and it appears she likes me beyond her
job. I can see her true self sitting here. Manifesting with flaws and
emotions.

She gives me this slow lap dance. I never felt anything like that. I
never felt such a powerful feminine energy when a woman rubbed her body
on me. I am crazy for this girl.

I ask her to go dance so i can keep looking and then come back. She is
genuinely excited. She goes and comes back shortly to tell me she has to
go with customer.

I came back 2 hours later to find Mimi again but she was gone. Maybe
another day.

**Pu is not investing beyond her working hours, very little. Even tho
when she working she is really open and expresses that she likes me.**

It's possible that even if she likes me, she cannot see beyond her
working spectrum. Making money.

Getting a black pedi for me. Her vibe. Everything could be a beautiful
orchestra to make money.

**Wu said she won't see me anymore.**

Reason speaking, not emotions.

**Wu feels hurt, she cannot comprehend any other relationship then us
being together for real and serious. And i cannot have that. I can\'t
explain why exactly, there are many inner and outer(about her)
factors.**

But i just i don\'t want that. For it would feel like stopping my
journey to bathe in her love and affection.

And not actually have her love and affection fuel me on my way.

I want to explore. More alone than together perhaps.

**Sum what temple. Encounter with barking dog who calmed down slowly.**

**3 Feb -**

**Wat Arun** - area is full of locals in their natural element. Yin-yang
frames hang up the door.

Freshly Washed clothes on windows.

Got blessed by a monk and despite i was pretty sick, i felt no sickness
for a short while.

**Then I met Gary. Crazy fucking indian guy.**

**Going out with him it was clear how much women prefer me over him, how
really attractive i am to them.**

**Its like playing dating with Cheats.**

2 Feb -

**Koi- stripper**

How amazing the stripper energy changes when she steps out from far
away/ stripper to close/person and you can see beyond.

Its like i'm experiencing 2 different persons.

**Seeing Chu turned be a bit on and triggered me slightly. Nervous.**

Oh but what a nice feeling that is beyond my individualization with it.

**Passion - now that i have been alone for a little while, "passion"
slowly begins to calm down and unveil the great vastness. See Beyond.**

Oh how i got fooled again by these tricky forces. To think that is all
there is and that is all i am.

**Wu.. wow its crazy how anime feminine she is actually in real life.
Looking at her and her smile warms my heart.**

Its crazy how it took seeing her a second time to really get to know her
and her body. All these beings inside her, to which she just reacts.

She is to be taken and enjoyed as a game. As in simply interact and feel
together with her character, rather than identifying with her on a high
rational level.

As i thought she was getting angry this morning, i was feeling just as i
was with B. While it was she being extremely shy.. in private but
especially in public.

How shy she gets. How she locks the bathroom door. Pulls away, gets
"angry" for bothering her. How her nice thai girl being activates when
speaking thai.

**After a long day, she barely leaves her shield down. Just a little
window, an opportunity. Which taken and beginning to slowly make love to
her body. Work on "green" areas until the red ones light flicker and
they begin to shatter away. Then move on.. until her pussy.**

How shy she feels after sex, like she gave into the devil but now she
back to reality.

Now i feel extremely attracted to her body.

I love this idea of making the girl fall în love with me everyday.
Winning her heart everyday.

**Koh Lan - renting scooter, little hike encountering a dog.**

**1 - Feb**

**Cheers my friend. You made it.**

Wu feels so so so much more lovable and full of love.

Just imagine the fantasies about her working at the bar. Go to the bar
and just look at her.

I can't believe im going to the beach with the girl who's smile i fell
in love with.

Restoring faith.. ?

**Coffee with Note, gain more insight in thai men.**

I really feel the visa is gonna work out.

The office and Note feel very warm and professional.

**31 Jan -**

**Yesterday it felt like i was exploring the dark side of Bangkok**, the
other side of the coin.

Look on some people faces, the BTS, the visa experience and worry, and
on.. and on.. and on..

**Yet i have to consider that a shallow person will see the shalowness
of a place and persons around.**

**While a person filled with love and peace will see it around in places
and people.**

**Everything is energy.**

**30 Jan -**

**29 Years.**

**Meeting with old texas man who was very sceptical with its stories and
warnings. Experience travelling beyond women.**

**The dark side of BGG unfolds? The contrast? 🤔**

Talk with pimmy

Morning visa

Ppl interaction and energy today.

**So, plan is to completely trust Nass and that visa will be extended
succesfully.**

That so, i will go to temple in march. As i initially planned. Trust
her, trust god putting in my way the way it did and how my intuition
felt about her before talking to others.

And committed to this plan, i am prepared to skip the 10-days retreat if
visa fails.

And will adapt plan accordingly. Probably extend stay 10 days and visit
rural places. Maybe 2-3 days retreat.

**As it feels like i'm experiencing everything in an accelerated
phase,** ( Like joining the traffic, women, culture, etc. ) I have a
feeling even 3 days would be enough. - LE: even 1 was enough my friend

**I woke up feeling peaceful but on the background there was a constant,
subtle worry about the visa extension.**

This morning i had a bad feeling after talking to Tong recommendation,
as the visa process was getting shady.

At first i was hesitant in talking to the recommendation, as i wanted to
go with the business lady i've randomly came across few days ago. She
looked like she was gonna take care of things in unorthodox methods, but
which work. Kinda like my ideology. My only concern was leaving my
original passport.

If i hadn't made the call i would have left knp office with absolute
peace in heart.

Anyway. I went there and things happened really fast. She was acting so
casually like has done this thousands of times. Like i go with her
staff, I tip the staff, etc..

**29 Jan -**

**Wun's energy is so so so so well portraited in Chinese&Japanese
cinematography. Really simple, highly highly emotional being.**

**LBP flared a bit and i started thinking about Baimon.** I later found
she is actually premium hooker, 5000 baht for short time.

Now, she was top 3 most sexual energies i have met. A sex goddess. True
sex goddess. Pair this with the thought of paying her, shadow kicks in
big time. Pulsations of sexual energy in my stomach and sexual chakra.

But then i think of Wun. How warm she held my hand. In both laying and
fucking. The warmth.

Love. Affection. How whole that feels compared to what I fantasize about
Baimon.

And I\'m not saying don\'t do it. Just observe both of them, again
reminding how much there is outside this inner world.

**Look outside yourself while breathing in. It is a reminder of what a
world there is outside my thoughts, beliefs, experiences. To which
identify completely with at times.**

**It is the western man exploring the vastness of Asia. So different,
yet just as human as me.**

**See beyond your own inner world. Beyond.**

**Wun - seems actually so attracted to my big nose. Kept turning my head
to see it.**

**Again, it shows just how much of a limited belief my biggest
insecurity was and somewhat, still is.**

**Spent night with Wun.** Its amazing really how man to woman dynamics
transcend rational talking and allowed us to connect emotionally and
sexually.

She acts so childish then romantic, so much push and pull happening in
her subconciousness.

She calls me \'\' butterfly \'\' . There is this concept around here in
people\'s heart for this.

Like a beautiful, flirtatious little fly that stops for a little while
and then flies away.

Emotionally, it feels like this word comes with the pain caused by
leaving.

This, for Wan, transcends conciousness for she cannot truly explain this
core feeling and therefore cannot understand when her reactions spring
from this.

Like when she got jealous and kept asking about my date.

Or when she wanted to see me again tonight.

I was very true to myself during sex. I didn\'t want her to suck me, so
i stopped her.

Then asked her to kiss me slower (she was doing it really hard). Then
told her to fuck me slower.

Then i didn\'t want to cum and didn\'t.

Its so amazing that i fully respected my inner core desires.

She\'s in the shower now.  It\'s amazing really how comfortable she is.
Listening to music, using the toilet and washing, searching the fridge
and so on. I really love that about her and more so, about this culture.
So non-judgemental.

She\'s just sitting there, enjoying a long shower listening to her
favorite music. And there\'s really not much else in me other than
admiration for she is respecting what she wants.

**I don't find disturbing Outside cigarette smoke. Its crazy.**

28 Jan -

**Pull with Wan \<3.**

**Date with Gua.**

She is so so different. This culture is so different.

Never heard of domination stuff until she saw 50 shades of grey.

Her approach to sexual life and relationships is so simply yet so
beautiful. Pure.

The bar was crazy tho. How she played around the "secret room", this
concept taken strictly as a play, as she was visiting a medieval castle
and playing with swords.

**Learned that most people\'s name mean something.** Like an object.
Camera, glass, etc. **Its crazy yet so simple.**

27 Jan -

**I go to bed at 03:33 exactly. No food, no tv. Just laying in bed.**

The visions started again after i couldn't fall asleep.

Everything was spinning but i was somehow feeling safe.

**I could direct what this immense energy inside me does.** **I directed
it to the sexual chakra and thought about Wan. She texted me at that
exact minute.**

**Time flies by so naturally and peacefully.**

I have so much hunger for life, to experience and observing life..

**The city shifts completely at night.**

**Everybody steps out of their daily jobs and the night people are
filling the streets.**

**I open my phone at 00:00. I feel wholeness.**

**Bought some local clothing. Most comfortable shoes i\'ve ever worn.**

**Same with pants.. and with shirts.**

This loose, almost free of weight, gentle material its settling so
harmoniously on my body.

Once again.. **there is energy in clothes.** And they interact with our
bodies continuously. This has to be recognized and respected.

Settled tomorrow date with Chu.

Had the most relaxing and liberating sleep in a long, long time.

**Eate a brownie 1-2 hours before bed. Its effect was felt just when i
went to sleep.**

My eyes were closed, but i was filled with visions. So powerful,
colorful and real.

It was like its unfolding in front of me different types of feelings and
energies.

Quickly moving through that other world within me.

After a while the thought of God, universe and death comes up.

In myself this manifested as finding a sphere of light at the center of
my visions with it\'s infinite ramification.

Like where it all gazed from.

This sphere exploded and flooded everything with light.

This was both scary and powerful. But it was a different kind of fear.
It did not felt like before, when thinking about death and nothingness
throughout my childhood and later on.

It did not make me grasp for air so horrified. But i sat with it. It
slowly dispersed. And i fell asleep.

26 Jan -

Pu experience 🖤 -

The black girl experience -

**Indian food - wow. First time in my life eating real Indian food.** It
is simply an explosion of tastes in my mouth.

Everyone here is eating with their hands. What a powerful energy and
peace there is in Hindu-ism culture.

**Sexuality feels so normalized in certain areas. Just like weed.**

Which springs from the very essence of what i've written about.

Care, love, genuine peace.

**Thai massage** - Stopped for a while and starred at a massage studio
from the outside.

I had in mind to get one for a while.

¬40 year old woman welcomes me with very little english.

From the moment she touched me, I recognized it. Trigger point
technique.

But what was amazing is how she was using it.

Tools vs system.

Her system, even though not studied but inherit it by their culture, was
built upon the fascial lines.

After some head massage, she immediatly went to my low back pressure
point, which she found on the left lb erector spinae/QL.

When she got to the lower back, she got on top of me and started moving
in a way that made me aroused.

Fresh blood rushing towards my sacral chackra and low back. It felt
amazing combined with the hand techniques.

She was very loving.

Her work transcended what the western man would consider appropiate. As
she got close to my genitals, moved genuinily and with care my balls.

Another time she applied pressure on my dick by mistake, right on the
edge of it. I jumped, and she acted very kindly and forgiving.

**Wow. I just realized the people's energy at a core level is so much
warmer and filled with love. At the core of their inner culture,
cultivated through their subconsciousness beliefs and behaviors, passed
on generation to generation and maybe not scarred by religious wars.**

There is so much more kindness and love in their heart.

The difference of cultures.

It gives so much insight and perspective seeing both sides.

And allows me to truly stop identifying completely with my beliefs and
inner world - and look - how each person's energy is different expressed
fascinatingly. Just like at home.

The revelation that you don't have to force connections through rational
realms in order for it to feel whole. Simply observing their energy
manifesting. Like the scooter driver working, just as his ancestors were
on the field and in every day's life.

Just like Alan said

"Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is
peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes"

And so, the scooter driver was actually, in a Zen place in his heart
while driving. You can feel it, the one place where all actions are
flowing from. A space of love.

They, as a culture, are much more spiritual enlighten than us. I can see
it clear now.

Before, i was somewhat blinded by my inner world and places of triggers.
Lead by them.

Now it is clear and utterly fascinating how much more love and "God" is
at their core.

Beyond my triggers. My beliefs, my own prejudices.

And this happens subconsciously.

That peace, the one i read about before i experienced it. The purest
state of all. The foundation.

But they are unaware of it. That is why you cannot see theirs on a
rational level.

But the masters of the temples, as priests to their religions, they can
connect the 2 worlds. Rational and spiritual.

**Watching them work is absolutely fascinating.**

Everybody, gives themselves completely to the work. To "peeling
potatoes".

The waitresses are waiting very welcoming at every restaurant, no matter
how cheap.

It becomes clear another concept i've read about.

" work for the sake of working, not for it's benefits"

Its amazing watching this happen.

They are beyond anything the western man could imagine. This is because
their attitude is very pure. The restaurant staff is welcoming you into
his home, treating you as well as he is and family can.

**A genuine eastern bussiness man sat next to me to eat. I was just
curiously watching and learning to "eat" from him.**

Woke up in Thailand. Slept amazingly and the morning had a very powerful
positive energy.

**It had been too long since i felt the warmth of the sun on my skin.**

The sun is so powerful tho. Not only in warmth, but in UV radiation too.
I feel that on my skin.

I can sense that my body is not ready, not used to this. I shall take
good care with sun protection lotion.

**Walking around Bangkok feels like a completely different, new world.**

Crowded, with all kinds of intense flavours in the air from the street
little vendors who are cooking all sorts of unknown stuff to me.

I believe it is the smell of seafood that it really irritates me.

Food however.. even tho impossible to read or know what the locals are
selling, doesn\'t feel so healthy and made with love.

Girls.. what i\'ve met so far spoke very little english, making it
impossible to hold a conversation.

Walking last night through a main boulevard, which was filled with
massage studios and bars, a lot of girls (and ladyboys) hit on me. Yes,
the interactions were of course, empty, for that\'s their job, to
attract customers - but i felt attractive.

Weed shops & bars are everywhere. Luxury and street ones. Just like any
other bars.

Bought one gram of some high quality weed.

And i just enjoyed it in the quietness of the surroundings, There is
nothing but the winds and birds singing.

Sometimes the cockarel sound accompanies it.

I feel at peace.

Like this restless part of me who felt any kind of pressure and
sometimes accompanied the self throughout the past few days, is quiet
now. Even tho it was for short periods of time.

There is this Grab app like uber+glovo. It\'s amazing cause i just found
they show most popular destinations, offering huge clarity in city
logistics.

The way i approach the \"planning\" is very dynamic and prepared to
relax into the natural unfolding of events. Get carried away in a
mysterious building like last night. Adapting to what is unfolding,
while gently steering it along with the tide.

**Diary 2022 Sept-Jan**

25 Jan -

Damn.. 7 hours to go in flight.

24 Jan -

How to boost your immune system plane documentary

1- Gut health (variety+whole food)

Full of fiber supplemented by vit D.

2- get out of comfort zone

3- activity level (careful not to hit too much)

4- cold shower/massage - especially in HIV studies-

(\~moderate intensity)

5-good night sleep

**There is a feeling coming from deep inside me. About not getting
caught in the act of pelicanu or triggers and forgetting to do good in
the world.**

To contribute to this wonderful world. From little interactions with
people, to working on our online course.

From this frame.

**To perpetuate good. To light a thousand candles from my candle of what
peace and fulfillment i have found in my body-mind journey.**

**Got on flight.**

My dear mother was a bit disturbed because I asked father to drive me. I
had a bad feeling about them driving me. She and Dan.

But I hold great love in my heart for her, and for Dan as she found in
him peace of her heart.

It\'s like I would have cancelled peli or lavinia last minute. Its by
intuition, its not reflecting any bad intentions towards them.

**\"The meaning of life is just to be alive.\" - Alan Watts**

Preparing to continue my journey\...

**Gym with father, then some arrands and chicafe breakfast. I love this
man.**

**Last night\'s sex with Lavinia was amazing, so connected to the moment
and her.**

**Revelations & theories - LBP -**

Instantly triggered on bike (lb activation in flexed hip pos.. )

Today training: 

Back extensions felt really good. Emphasize true hip extension.

**Pull-ups with focus on left lateral line resulted in no pain.**

22 Jan -

**Revelations & theories - LBP - activation**

Mobility stick left leg external rotation in stick.

So many things happen, and it feels amazingly liberating on my body.
Felt so much balanced after just 2 secs. Like i couldn't believe its
working.

Its worth doing this every morning.

Granny had found great peace in her heart upon my trip changing.

"Pleaca odata ca sa te intorci odata!"

I feel this very powerful in my heart. The call of home.

**21 Jan -**

**Met with mother today.**

It was wholesome.

After a while, it was like my deeper, true self was connecting, speaking
to her deeper, true self.

Talked about pains, generations and shared my lbp constellation.

**19 Jan 2022 -**

Watching 47 ronin and yesterday triggered something in me.

As the samurai told her love

"I will search for you in hundreds of worlds and thousands of lifetimes
until I find you"

Feels like that is what I brought with me from death to life. The quest
of ancient lives. To find love.

**18 Jan -**

Lbp was triggered more than usual in the last 2 days. Low to moderate
energy.

Approached workout with high reps- slow first ones than power. Gentle
exercise selection:

3x One arm machine row

3x elevated push ups + machine oh press

3x trx rear fly + seated bb curls

3x machine triceps + trx rows with knees bent and ppt.

All of them felt pretty good on the lbp and on muscle activation.

17 Jan -

Shared with Nialau the journal entries about my Shadow.

He really understood and resonated.

Night with Pelicanu and Nialau. First night out i really had fun,
laughed out loud and just enjoyed life.

16 Jan -

Rewired - there is a strong body alchemy's inertia which will tend to
light up the same neural patterns it is used to.

This will embody your vibe, energy manifested in the world and around
other people, around your progresses and feelings.

In order to change, you must resist this inertia and gently carve new
neural paths.

Slept good but woke up feeling nausea and bloated. I have eaten oats,
almonds and some honey bread before sleep.

Small meals, blessed and from the heart throughout the day.

Bless digestive system at 7 and let it rest.

Revelations & Theories - LBP during workout and pull ups.

Did not focus much on pain, but on strength, energy and music. Had some
pre-workout.

5 min warm-up -\> full body then on left side anti rotation.

Main exercises:

3x incline bo + machine rows

3x ring slow pull ups + trx push-ups

3x db lat raise + 90 degrees lat raises

3x machine curls + rope triceps push-downs

3x front level hold/dragon flag + elevated push-ups

Possible lbp during pull ups comes from right side compression due to
more activation, slowly gliding the vertebraes into sheer posterior and
right side force.

Done some slow controlled pull ups with focus on left side activation.
Pain didn't trigger.

15 Jan -

It's clear that digestive well being is influenced by 3 major factors:
time i eat, what i eat and how much i eat.

All 3 must be recognized and respected.

14 Jan -

Claudiu's approach to rolling is for activation and fp one is for
relaxation, the opposite.

Revelations & theories - The shadow&libido

It's not real. It can never be achieved in real life for

1\. A woman connected to her core and god will never partake truly.

And

It is fully sustained on libido energy, its over when i release it.

Still, its the greatest coping mechanism i ever experienced.

11 Jan -

Revelations & theories - LBP & Faith ✝️

Left the gym earlier cause i was feeling down.

Usually plan to would walk around and eat. But after writing below
entries, something was dragging me to leave towards center.

See a 24b and a girl walking in vivo. I pull my phone and it's 12:38.
I'm almost sure i have to choose which one i "board". Decided to leave
the bus and go see that girl.

Entered vivo and was quickly convinced i don't like her.

Walked back to bus, didn't even run. I was again prepare to miss it, for
running after it would be painful.

I get on and it leaves.

I see and approach a cute girl. She had a distant familiar vibe.

Deep talk, really connected to her. Even told about my lbp revelation.

Something felt a bit off tho.

It was soon revealed. She has a boyfriend. Nonetheless, exchanged instas
and continue talking.

Talking about synchronicity really sparkles us.

Getting off bus i realize.

She is the girl i noticed yesterday on jung group and wondered about.

Damn.

.. a wave of pure faith travels across my body.

The touch of Destiny... just as i felt like reaching the bottom.

Revelations & theories - LBP

Again, everything points out to cause being the lack of love.

The need for love and feminine affection in my life.

Started with my mother leaving my father.

"Healed" whenever there is love again from another woman.

Remember what beauty lies in life and humans without identifying with
certain feelings.

Never let the future disturb you. You will meet you, if you have to,
with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.

Went down to lay with mamami at 6am for a while.

9 Jan -

Saw Diana Baiasu at the gym ( went out with her 4-5 years ago and after
the first date she rejected me).

Initially didn\'t recognize her and felt her energy being absolutely
amazingly sexy. Later this confirmed as she took her hoodie off.

Poor posture, but regardless, a sensual, feminine energy radiates from
her body and spirit. Like her spirit animal is a pheline.

Approached, it felt she isn\'t interested. Went back after a few min to
confirm this. Fact confirmed.

Now, my true self was not interested in her anymore. For without
reciprocity, nothing else matters.

My shadow, on the other hand, was amazingly attracted to her.

Waves and waves of energy when thinking about being her puppy, buying
her clothes, listening her talk about other men.

So intense. I decided to let it out.

Followed her on insta and allowed the shadow to completely and freely
manifest and text her something like

\" i understand you\'re not attracted to me, but maybe i can be your
friend?\" -

Now, if she responds positively then just transition to \"please let me
buy you something/drive you somewhere, etc\".

Just build on that to see if she can really be the one in my fantasy.

If she doesn\'t respond, it\'s impossible to find love in her from both
true self and shadow.

Liberate, my friend. Come out. Be.

Now.. Revelations & Theories - The Shadow.

I think i found my Shadow.

From childhood, it has been my most hidden self.  

The one that feels immense suffering caused by a woman\'s(symbolized by
mother intially) love being denied and being abandoned/hurt/humiliated.

It started developing in the early years and the key moments and
catalists were memories like: walking on my parents having sex, mother
and father leaving me alone in room in a holiday, they asking me to go
for a walk so they can fuck, father hitting me after i made my mother
angry, entering their room and kissing their feet, my mother shouting
and hitting me, mother kissing her new lover in front of me, etc

Initially and at the time of these memories, there was no pleasure in
them. There was only this wave of a very powerful and heavy energy
pulsating in my body. Of being denied love and not being able to do
anything about it. A need from deep inside me, taken away and being
unable to take it back. A heavy sensation in my chest that\'s radiating
in all directions.

Around 10 years old, i started laying in bed and rubbing my dick against
the sheets for pleasure.

Can\'t remember exactly which one, but definitely among the first
experiences of this kind, i was imagining my mother forcing me down at
her boots in the car while crossing a border(so they won\'t have to pay
tax for me). Then, changing her mind and leaving me alone there to wait
for their return.

This thought caused my body alchemy to go fucking crazy, i cannot
explain how much pain that image caused! And because i was getting
aroused and the libido energy now flowed throughout my body, how much
pleasure!

If in above memories the power of this vibration was at a 10%(and lacked
the pleasure part), now this fantasy took it close to 100%! Unimaginably
pain for unimaginably pleasure.

I ejaculated and felt extremely guilty.

I would often imagine that these moments in which i jerked off will be
brought up in Judgement Day. Like videos of me doing it and God
watching.

And God will judge me because of this part and will send me in hell.  

Therefore, i am a bad person. How can i be doing this?

I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night thinking about death and
hell.

So i used all my strength and might to hide this part of me. It should
never see the light of day, never!

In early ages, i smelled my mother worn panties a few times, althought
this came with a very empty and guilty feeling that this is wrong.

For i knew with all my heart that my mother is not the one I created in
my fantasies. She loves me and would give her life for me, she\'d never
intentionally make me suffer or deny love.

Later years, i only smelled a hot woman who was visiting us worn
underwear, in the bathroom, while they were in the living room. (i was
around 12 and this woman is the first women who ever kissed me as a joke
some time ago. I found her extremely sexy. )

Again, this acts came with a immense risk and they must be hidden at any
cost. No one can ever know about this!

The more i kept it inside me, the more it grew.

Shortly, i was no longer fantasizing about my mother, but about other
women.

Then the first woman who i really liked came into my life and didn\'t
like me back. Ariana. This caused me great pain, the exact same feelings
and vibrations in my body as when i was a child.

I started being her friend, every moment spent with her and with her in
my mind was a manifestation of love being denied.

Of the thing i craved the most in life- and it\'s impossibility. True
Love.

When alone, i amplified that darkness in my imagination endlessly and
masturbated.

It went on for more than 15 years and have masturbated more than 3000
times thinking about her.

I would keep that part of myself getting off to the suffering completely
hidden from the world.

The suffering, on the other hand, it became so vast at times that i
would tell people about it.

The \"rational\" mind partook this whole play because of the possibility
that she might eventually love me back.

I was not really aware of this pattern, but i would hide this part of my
self at any cost.

No-one can know about this, for it is sick and wrong.

The fantasies about her started slowly, thinking about kissing her feet,
and as years went by, they grew exponentially.

The more i longed for her love and affection in reality and didn\'t get
it, the stronger the fantasies got.

My true self\'s pain would equal my shadow\'s pleasure.

Oh and my true self, the one connected to life itself, the instinct, the
spirit, was in immense pain. I was heartbroken.

I would pray to God everytime before texting her. I had no will to live,
be, without her love.

And the greater the pain, the greater the pleasure was when
masturbating.

But as soon as i ejaculated, the shadow dissapeared. And i was left only
with pain and suffering.

This would end up being like filling a vase and when it\'s full, it
would explode. After a couple of mounths of talking continuestly, i
would burst out and tell her she\'s not good for me, that i can\'t be
doing this. (or a love declaration - where i would come out and she\'s
quickly deny it)

Pause for a couple of months than back at it again.

Memories which made me feel exactly the same type of vibration as i was
a child were: she forgetting that we scheduled a meet and i was left
alone waiting in the cold while she went out with other people,
lap-dancing everyone at a party but me, everytime i would declare my
love and be denied, everytime she ignored my texts, asnwered
dry&uninvested, etc.

After i few years i was fantasizing about her using me as her toilet,
locking me on the outside, treating her like a princess while she treats
me as a slave - with no regard to my well-being, driving her and her
boyfriend around, waiting for her in the cold, etc

The more sick and derailed it got, the more i hid it.

When i deeply realised that Ariana from my fantasies is not the actual
Ariana existing in reality, i slowly stopped talking and thinking about
her.

And subconciously, continued my quest for love. For that \"Ariana\", for
that \"mother\", in which i would find this great love and she will
actually find pleasure in hurting me to unimaginably limits.

With women who actually showed interest in me the shadow presence was 0.

The first women who made me feel love was Lavinia. I was \~21 years old.

Still, sexual fullfilment was close to 0.

My actual sex life so far was extremetly empty, seeing a woman naked and
vulnerable would not make me feel aroused. But dissociated from that
moment, watching it as a 3rd person.

They could never find out what i really want, crave for!

And it would make no sense for them to know, cause i wouldn\'t want to
\"live\" any of these fantasies with them!

In restrospection, this could also be an effect of not attracting
high-quality women because of who was i beyond my shadow.

I finally went to escorts for domination. Damn. What an empty
experience.

I instantly felt that she\'d do it for money, not because she likes it.
Also, i did not feel sexually attracted to those women\'s energy.

Still, i pushed myself to actually do some of the things i was
masturbating about. She pissed in my mouth. I was absolutely disgusted.

I came out with the revelation that for the pleasure to be real, the
suffering must be real.

Me being absolutely crazy attracted by her energy and feminity and she -
taking great pleasure in my suffering.

Love\... and it being denied in the most glorious ways. The pattern for
love i\'ve written in my childhood. The shadow.

In time, as i worked on myself and dating, i started attracting more
high-quality women and in which arms i would feel a different kind of
love.

The other type of love my mother showed me as a child, her being very
pshisically close to me, nurtuing, loving.

But sexually, experiences were just as empty as the ones before.

This autumn, the shadow was so powerful that the fantasies could easily
derail to being about me actually dying for \"her\" pleasure.

At this time, I called the KING the center of my personality, my most
complete and true self. And i called the shadow as \"Desperate\".

So, i knew Lavinia loved me truly and deeply. When things unfolded in a
way that made us play this \"Goddess-Slave\" roles, it exploded.

And because i trusted her and in her love, i let the desperate out to
fully manifest, for i knew she would not take me to my actual death(the
absolute symbol of suffering - for the absolute symbol of pleasure which
the Shadow seeks).

\*Lavinia story\*

So.. once again.. the shadow dissapeared upon the revelation that
Lavinia from my fantasies - is not the real Lavinia, who loves me and
would never deny her love.

And yet again the shadow was set on the path to finding \"True Love\" -
which embodied the actual purpose of it\'s existance.

Go out again and find that woman who you are completely in love with,
and she REALLY, truly denies her love at the cost of your life.

At this point, the true self is slowly becoming aware of this being
inside me, of this shadow.

It sees it as a role. A very powerful being that, through the libido
energy, it sits down on the throne of conciousness and identifies the
whole self with it.

The libido symbolizes life.. for that its it\'s purpose. To create life.

Therefore, I see it very sacred. And at the core of it, sits the shadow.

Had an experience with an online dominatrix, who seemed very real about
her inclination to financially dominate men.

She had an amazing body and energy. After jerking off to her ignoring me
and me sending her some money, i talked to her and realized that it\'s
all a game for her.

She is a good soul, sees this whole thing as a game and would not truly,
really, put a man to extreme suffering and agony for her pleasure.

The fire instantly dissapared.

Once again.. it is all an act. The women in my fantasy who i\'ve sent
money to, is not the real one.

Stopped any kind of interaction with her.

There are some women with who the true self seems to be manifesting,
even in terms of the sexual energy.

Liz, a girl i went out with a few times but who wasn\'t fully attracted
to me, i fantasized about making love to her and getting her pregnant.

The hot girl from the gym, with amazing body and energy, who i\'ve
talked to and i\'m eager to run into again, i masturbated thinking about
giving her a sensual massage and making love to her.

The gypsy bartender from a few night ago, who i\'ve flirted and kissed
with a few days ago, i fantasized about feeling her close and making
love to her, to her lips, skinny body, feminine energy.

But in the last 3 days i\'ve been more confused. After Cosu visit where
i got really high on psychedelics, i allowed the shadow to manifest
freely.

And it\'s like it longs with all it\'s heart to live that fantasy, that
masturbation wouldn\'t even be needed if i actually find that women.

While the psychedelics kicked in, i imagined meeting a girl who i\'ve
matched on tinder and had a description \"3rd wanted\" plus a photo with
her boyfriend.

Now, that instantly triggered the shadow. Imagining meeting and her
telling me what she\'s looking for - a little slave which will not even
be allowed to touch her, but will pay for her needs and pleasure, while
he loves and fucks her boyfriend around, while using me in the most
humiliating and hurtful ways possible.

This fantasy instantly changes my body\'s alchemy. Waves of energy
pulsating inside my chest, radiating in my whole body, and the sexual
energy absolutely wanting to explode. It\'s like, if i found her and she
was like in my fantasy, i wouldn\'t even want to masturbate, that state
of complete longing for love and the her painfully&cold denying it.

It feels like.. God for the shadow.

One definition of God as in inner peace and fullfilment - is the state
when you get when you buy/obtain something you long for with all your
being.

But it is not defined by you actually getting it, but it\'s defined by
you NOT wanting/longing for it anymore. Of couse, sages and monks talk
about obtaining it without actually \"buying\" that thing, for that will
only birth a new \"longing\". A new chase for \"God\".

Anyway, by this definition, actually living that fantasy is God.

Saw Diana Baiasu at the gym ( went out with her 4-5 years ago and after
the first date she rejected me).

Initially didn\'t recognize her and felt her energy being absolutely
amazingly sexy. Later this confirmed as she took her hoodie off.

Poor posture, but regardless, a sensual, feminine energy radiates from
her body and spirit. Like her spirit animal is a fucking pheline.

Approached, it felt she isn\'t interested. Went back after a few min to
confirm this. Fact confirmed.

Now, my true self was not interested in her anymore. For without
reciprocity, nothing else matters.

But because of the last days, i just allowed to shadow to come out and
manifest.

My shadow, on the other hand, was amazingly attracted to her.

Waves and waves of energy when thinking about being her puppy, buying
her clothes, listening her talk about other men.

So intense. I decided to let it out.

Followed her on insta and allowed the shadow to completely and freely
manifest and text her something like

\"i understand you\'re not attracted to me, but maybe i can be your
friend?\" - the difference from Ariana is that i type, ask this as a
play. Part of the shadow play.

I just want to stop hiding it, i want to understand it.

Now, if she responds positively then just transition to \"please let me
buy you something/drive you somewhere, etc\".

Just build on that to see if she can really be the one in my fantasy.

If she doesn\'t respond, it\'s impossible to find love in her from both
true self(already established)

When game-ing: Trust yourself and be true to yourself about what you're
feeling.

Observe the different vibrations of life. And allow them to flow without
taking part of them upon yourself. (aka \"rejections\")

Always remember how e60 Diana felt you had more women than Pelicanu and
were more dominant.

Lbp persists. Nonetheless, went to gym. Energy fluctuated.

7 Jan -

Revelations & Theories - libido energy

The universe has a way of repeating history until you've learned all you
have to.

Cosu visit - linked all fantasies and feelings in my body to childhood
events.

This arousal state comes with huge waves of energy throughout my body.
They feel immensely intense, like uncontrollable vibrations. On the
frequency of "life", for it is through channelling this kind of energy
that life is born.

But in those events, my mother is not real. It is the fantasy of her
wanting to hurt me, denying me love and finding pleasure in it.

Still, this pattern is internalized in myself as Love.

I feel this is my Shadow.

6 Jan - Bubu\'s birthday.

Sold car exactly today and had E60 experience.

E60 with Pelicanu after selling car. Diana flirted with both of us.

I felt it was a battle between us to conquer her.

She showed deep interest in both. I felt triggered the whole interaction
in the idea that Pelicanu is better than me.

Although, i observed and learned some good stuff.

After a while, we decided to toss a coin for who gets to try with her.

Pelicanu won.

I left towards home, leaving them alone.

Geting home i started feeling a lot of pain, distrust in him as a
brother and in me because i didn\'t ask for what i want.

1 hour later, went back.

She said she felt that i will be coming back.

Flirted. Pulled her close many times.

Asked her to powerfully kiss my cheek. It felt amazingly sexy.

Our lips slightly touched.

Pulled her home but changed her mind as we were getting up. Called her a
taxi to get home.

Rana de abandon unfolding before my eyes in a mother son interaction in
Vivo.

4 Jan -

Eate some rice snacks with jam and pine nuts and got reallyyy bloted.

Teeth also feel a bit inflamed.

Love towards the body unveils reason to manifest it, beyond formed
patterns.

Some body rashes appeared on my belly despite no diary(except some in
potato mash)

Caused by past days foods or possibly home clothing.

Eate somewhat emotionally yesterday and this morning. Lbp triggered
after no warm up muscle ups, being already slightly triggered from
pingpong night.

2 Jan - Cosu visit.

Huge revelation about weed.

Asked cosu to explain thinly. It was amazing.

The way you "cook" it changes its alchemy.

I just realize, its the same as with food.

Plus,I will reduce the Tabasco amount by 60-70% Tabasco!

1 Jan -

Yesterday talking about my new year resolutions, i brought up
relationship with mother.

Today she visited me. We role played dressing me up as she did when i
was a child. It was as if knew that feeling. It was familiar by emotions
and feelings, rather than by rational thought and memory. My eyes became
watery as she got to the socks. Hers too.

"Daca as putea sa dau timpul inapoi pe cand erai copil, as petrece mai
mult timp cu tine".

31 Dec -

23:40 - Fireworks started as i\'m standing on the same spot i stood many
months ago.

I am much more at peace with myself, others and life.

Watching people.. everything around me, i have the clear realisation
that i am not better than anyone, nor anyone is better than me.

It\'s just life.. unfolding.

Went down to Mamami. She was angry and talking shit because i hadn\'t
visited yesterday evening.

Her words carried negative emotions. They reached and affected me,
however much less than before.

She naturally \"calmed\" herself just by being in my presence, as she
expressed her emotions.

The key in these times is to simply let the woman express them (this
applies to women i have a close, deep connection with) - Mami, mamami,
perhaps Lavinia.

It\'s clear how different man to woman psichology is.

I say \"perhaps Lavinia\", as maybe the deeper a woman goes into knowing
herself beyond identifying with each wave of emotion, the less this
theory applies to her.

The issue around the digestive system starts to get a clear contrast.

Last night was another confirmation that for now, best way to take care
of it is mind the food i eat and not eat past 7 pm.

Clarity. \<3

25 Dec -

I have to WORK today\... what does that mean more exactly?   

Get fucking pumped and take some before and after photos.

Then put it all together and start the campaign\... \"Work\" \<3.

24 Dec -

Evening at mom\'s house.

I felt extremetly triggered, disgusted and angered while she kissed
Danezu multiple times. Seems that Granny felt it too.

23 Dec -

Pull with Anda. Not much mental&spirit chemistry but i\'m allowing
myself to enjoy her as she is.

Had the urge to \"save\" her, i should back off and simply let her be.

It was amazing how i verbalized when i felt she was not coming towards
me sexually, only i was.

Slept pretty amazing, confirming the 7pm theory.

22 Dec -

It has became utterly clear that for the moment, eating past 7pm is
harming my beautiful sacred body.

Set an alarm and respect it no matter what.

21 Dec -

Date with Andreea. Cute, a bit taller than i expected and with a
mountain-country girl vibe at first. Superficial. But then as she opened
up, i discovered this very much a-like old and wise spirit.

Date ended in driving her home and meeting \"Pelicanu\". She was
perplexed by this character i had created and was interpreting, laughing
and being fascinated by this \"Natural Talent\" - she called it. And
promise that i won\'t let it go to waste.

There was a slight pressure before the date and in certain times i
didn\'t feel listened, but it came with great acceptance.

I didn\'t feel the psihycal sexual tension, maybe just slightly. So i
didn\'t try to create it by force.

Eate some ambrozia biscuits last night at 11-12.

Slept 6/10 and right when i up around 6, eate ambrozia baton silvoitza.
Then layed down again.

This made me feel even worse, continuing to get worse until i got up.

Regardless of food\'s energy, consuming it after 7pm will discomfort my
body. This was again a gentle reminder how i should re-inforce the 7pm
principle.

20 Dec -

I felt Ohvaz\'s good energy before i eate their products. It was
fascinating to experience their product, in the light of how sacred food
is and how important is the envinronment it\'s produced in.

It tasted amazing, best oatmeal i ever had.

It\'s became clear by feeling and intuition that food carries energy.

And how beautiful it is to aknowledge and respect this principle.

Definetly protein soy cereals are not welcomed by my body.

Body rashes are completely gone after cutting out dairy.

19 Dec -

Revelations & Theories - digestive well being and eating habits.

Beware that heart intuitive eating is mistaken for routine and habits
innertia.

It becomes a rational choice which takes willpower to change to have
last meal at 7 pm, so that i sleep well and wake up hungry.

Compared to eating late, sleeping poor and wake up bloated with no
desire to eat for hours.

\- LBP

The shoes you wear play a huge role in lbp triggerring.

17 Dec -

Revelations & Theories - Food

Actul de a manca este ceva foarte intim.

Da-ti voie sa onorezi momentul dinaintea mesei, din timpul mesei si de
dupa.

Reciting poems with a strong voice and heart changes body's alchemy.

Just like conscious breathing.

Advice for all the times you feel stuck and hopeless: Get out and trust
yourself.

Do somesing with purpose. Enjoyment, buy something, gym, to do list,
earth water, etc. Talk to people. All kinds of people.

Trust yourself ❤️

16 Dec -

Eate emotionally the last 2 days and late at night.

This was immediatily felt in my sleep and over-all well being.

Poor sleep and nausea/bloating.

\"When you listen to someone, you should give up all your preconceived
ideas and your subjective opinions; you should just listen to him, just
observe what his way is. We put very little emphasis on right and wrong
or good and bad. We just see things as they are with him, and accept
them. This is how we communicate with each other. Usually when you
listen to some statement, you hear it as a kind of echo of yourself. You
are actually listening to your own opinion. If it agrees with your
opinion you may accept it, but if it does not, you will reject it or you
may not even really hear it\"

13 Dec -

Revelations & Theories - OG and interactions with women.

It\'s interesting how i am still worried and triggered before and during
interactions.

Because judging who i was and how i felt during the last year\'s
interactions (real interactions, \>10min), i have no reason to be.

Started having amazing sex, saying \"no\" when i don\'t want to, i was
far from exposeing myself to \'friendzone\' scenarios. Even how i handle
rejections it\'s amazing.

It seems that rationally, my great fears regarding women were all
overcomed. But still, emotionally there are the beings inside me who
feel pain, fear, not good enough.

And that\'s ok.

All i have to do before and during ANY interactions, is TRUST myself
\<3.

Trust yourself, my friend.

Once the vision and missions are clear, the mind will reset to their
purpose everyday efortless.

Some days will be 50% in, others 20%, others 90%. And that\'s fine.
It\'s the natural process.

Only the harsh parent striving for perfections expects constant 100%.

Last evening\'s meal confirmed that my body doesn\'t digest well
lactose.

Body rashes and blaoting soon appeared after the meal

Sleep was still pretty good, woke up shortly after a few hours of sleep
and drank some water with an Active charcoal.

11 Dec -

The guys workshop -

1\. Respiratie - Shaman breath exercise (2 viteze)  apoi integrate in
exercitii (oh and rotations)

2\. Miscare (single leg, af)

3\. Mancare - e energie si este unic pentru toti, trebuie tu sa-ti
gasesti the way

4\. Conexiune cu alti oameni.

I feel the being inside me. The self wants to go out there, experience.

The little kid wants to masturbate and says that he\'ll go afterwards.

Who wins? 

The self accepts the kid and his desires. He is part of my wholeness.
It\'s not a fight, but of allowing it to exist.

I masturbated, again thinking about the worldclass girl. How close that
fantasy feels to the reality and how healthy is feels.

Remind yourself in this quest of love how you felt with brasov bi at the
beginnings, how you felt with Bi..

With Diana..

Last night i fell asleep at \~9, eaten a bit overboard.

Woke up at 23:30, had a glass of water and active charcoal. Then slept
like a baby until 9 in the morning.

10 Dec -

Slowly the hot girl experiences fades from my being.

Approached few hot girls.

Just now, after the one at the atm, surrounded by people, came with a
big pressure. And greater relief.

I am so proud of how you behaved, my friend. Amazing. ✝️

You handle "rejections" amazingly.

I do not even see them as rejections, but as lack of universal sync.

I have not seen yet a woman who matches yesterday's gym girl attraction.

The regret lies in not approaching her. A rejection would have been a
temporary pain. But the missed opportunity is constant.

Now the question is, do i approach only girls which make me feel like
this?

There are multiple girls around me which make me feel something in my
chest. The fear of rejection of the child inside me.

I know i can make this fade with some approaches, despite not being
"her", a perfect 10/10 body.

So, the answer is: feel free to interact with any person who makes u
feel this void. Approaches and beyond. Until it slowly fades.

Then, you are in the natural flow. Not to prepare yourself for \"her\",
but because it feels the right thing to do. To relieve the pressure.

Tomorrow, start again at your beginnings. And never breath a word about
your loss.

Da vinci's demons takeaway

I absolutely love his outfit style. It resonated with me like no other.

Slept pretty well and had awoken feeling good.

It\'s been around 4 days since i eliminated milk. Body rashes calmed
down completely, despite having little amounts of diary (cheese, heavy
cream)

9 Dec -

Went to TRX class with Lavinia.

A really hot girl was there. I was able to see Lavinia in contrast with
the type of women i long for.

It became instantly clear that i could not be with Lavinia without a
great void in me for not experiencing a women like that.

I cannot explain, but i adored every aspect of the body. I felt a void
in my stomach when i gazed at her ass, legs and imagined her feet.

Void at the thought that i want to have \"her\" with every cell of my
body - and i never will - never will be good enough to attract a women
like this.

Tanned, perfect for me height - body with amazing curves in those low
socks snickers. Damn..

I had this feeling that it\'s worth striving for a women a like that.

Have \"her\" or die trying. And not settle for anything less.\
LE: 😊

She represents a symbol of sexual fulfillment. My enlightenment through
love. My perfect body.

Masturbated. Thinking about being together with her, going to the gym.

She takes her shoes off after the workout to stretch. I get very
aroused. I help her stretch and slowly massage. Her legs, warm feet and
body.

We get home. She lays down on our massage table and i start exploring
her body. Freeing her of the tension and filling her body with sexual
energy.

I slowly massage her legs, black pedi feet, her ass..

I start exploring her body with my lips and breath. I get there, to my
little paradise.

We go to the bathroom l. I kiss her gently and she start peeing,
free-ing her pussy and making space for me.

I take her in my arms and move to the bedroom. We make love. I cum
inside her and we fall asleep together.

Its clear that i only partially crave this with Lavinia.

7 Dec -

Father: \" son, i am very happy for you. you become master of your life.
\"

7 dec -

Went out with Vacaru.

His game skills which developed naturally are out of this world.

Morala: each man creates his own way.

6 Dec -

Last night i eate only some mandarines after 7pm. My stomach felt very
light as i fell asleep.

I slept amazing, woken up to very slightly discomfort.

This is the way.

5 Dec -

Streamed fivem for mister for a while. His reaction has shaken me.

He said that it\'s clear why Ciupe LOVES to play the game, cause he\'s
playing with ME. But it\'s unclear why do I ?

This was once again a reminder of my self-worth.

Have you forgotten, my friend? Blinded by the lack of women abundance in
the last weeks, it appears you have forgotten how amazing you are.

4 Dec -

Watched with mister some of Steve\'s pull report. Last time i was here,
i was devastated. Felt like i\'ll never be there, speak, act like Steve.

And therefore, i will never be happy with women.

Now i laughed. Steve is indeed a master, but those are his ways, not
mine. We have to create our own.

I will never be Steve, nor i will ever need to use his exact methods to
get girls.

1 Dec-

Perhaps the changing of seasons of which Nialau talked and i felt
througout the years really is true.

But knowing this is the first step to consciously interfere.

25 Nov -

Worked 15+ hours in the last 2 days. Hopefully, the big man will cash
out around 40 old ladies :\>

24 Nov -

Experience with Mistress Sacred. The way she moved and writes, made me
completely drawned to her energy. So dominant.

I haven\'t masturbated for 10+ days so everything was much more intense.

Financial dominated me - it felt, once again as in the past, the
extremes of suffering and extasy coming together.

Needed to masturbate to let all this tension consume.

Then talked with her in the following hours, confessing what i felt
regarding this illusion and that it will never be healthy for me, but
the contrary.

I was surprised when the healthy feminine energy in her completely
resonated and in the end told me the same thing as Lavinia told me some
months ago.. That for her, it is all a game. She doesn\'t get off
completely from dominating me. It\'s but a game.

23 Nov -

Noticed a girl in coffee shop. Just her and her friend, nobody else
around. This made it feel without much pressure. Still, some resistance
was present.

Approached. Her body language was distant and protective. Wanting to get
out of the situation. At this point, a KS could have worked \"nu incerc
sa-ti vand nimic bla bla.. \" - but i didn\'t feel no chemistry.
Encouraged her to speak her mind and then left.

22 Nov -

Contrary to other days, i felt many women looking at me, checking me as
a potential match.

I had a very powerful energy, the way i said \"ceao\" to some of them.

Grounded and unaffected by their reactions. For they reflect something
about them, not about myself.

Got 2 rejections - near coffee shop and in bus. The moments before the
one in bus were filled with some triggers.

But after doing it, it came with great relief.

Made me realize that the DG warm-up really works, regardless of one\'s
triggers and limitations.

Supplements serve as a great anchor into strength&well-being.

During the day, eate cashew butter (felt heavy) and pistachio croissant
(felt heavy)

In the evening i eate some bread, honey and milk and had a troublesome
sleep.

21 Nov -

Revelations & Theories - LBP

Last few days lbp was low. I had sex, moved much more and stopped
masturbating (be ware of the bed position).

Reaching chicafe, decided was not gonna to pull-ups to test lbp from
purely sitting.

5-10 Min in, it instantly settled in. It\'s clear it comes from this
sitting position leaned forward. Clear that it revolves a lot around
turnk and lb flexion and activation around LB fascia.

The moment i leaned on my back, it stopped to rise and started to calm
down.

20 Nov -

Got to the gym after having sex with Lavinia. I felt strong, healthy,
wanted, a great man/catch.

Had a very strong energy and said hi to 2 girls, from a very powerful
place. I did not care if they were not attracted to me, nor did i care.
Cause i was fucking owning the situation.

This is the energy i should \"game\" from.

19 Nov -

After 24h the weed effect is felt more powerful, connecting me with all
the beings inside of me and closer to the self. And just observing how
all these beings inside of me ascend and descend from the throne of
consciousness, the types of walk they carry, the different voices,
wisdom, beliefs, all so strongly rooted.

Although when i am in this state of observing, I am absolutely sure i
can "get" here without any external stimuli.

Its always here. The stage of the plays.

I am all of them.

Types of walks are linked to different beings in me. Pelicanu,
disperatu, warrior, etc

So i wonder, how do i walk now as i'm writing this? This connected me
with a certain walk and feeling throughout my body. Although it had
characteristics of other walks, it was different. Felt different. Whole.

It came with the feeling that the other walks and energies were a play.
Except this.

Stopped walking and Was in LBP. I wondered how i walk now, which being
is this?

Smoking with cosu - reliving the emotion as a little child in ludus, how
bunicuta gave everything she had and how happy she was.

Am avut o copilarie frumoasa la Ludus.

Cosu is a very wise spirit.

16 - Nov -

Complete movement -

Its all about the fascial system.

Solear therapy and effect on SBL (standing/ jumping on 1 leg after
releasing it)

SBL - SFL - continous battle for posture and balance.

SBL starts from the foot and goes all the way up to the posterior
cranium.

And yet we keep them all day long asleep and experiencing purely
man-made ground.

Gandeste-te la picioarele tale.

Contractia musculara este redusa, musculatura gambei nu functioneaza
corect, bazinul cade anterior, deoarece musculatura fesiere, direct
influentata de la informatia de la subsol, este absenta. Fititul din
corpul nostru care merge pe fir spre dinamita, e piciorul. Si dinamita e
creierul.

Note: This would explain the MMA experience. How amazing i felt when i
took my shoes off and stepped into the warm floor.

Si asa incepe lupta intre adormiti si supra-munciti.

SFL -

Incepe de sus, de la SCM, maseter si interconectat cu mandibula
influenteaza tot SFL.

Multe persoane SCM le trage capul in fata si il folosesc ca muschi
respirator.

SFL test:

Intinde-te pe spate si cu piciaorele perfect intinse si lipite de sol,
incepe sa ridici un picior pana simti ca se dezlipeste genunchiul
celuilalt. Apoi maseaza-te pe maseterul de pe aceeasi parte si repeta
testarea.

Sa t down with laptop at Chicafe and done 2 sets of pull-ups. (28-21
:\>)

Looking up while doing pull-ups felt with much less pressure on the
lumbar area.

This took the LBP from 1-2 to 3-4.

This indicates to are being definetly part-of influenced by
biomechanics. Be it cause or effect.

Made love with Lavinia.

I stayed anchored in the preset moment most of the time and didn\'t
allow the being inside me which turns on thinking about domination to
ascent on the throne of conciousness.

The experience did not reach an absolute apex of pleasure, but it was
still very enjoyable. Feeling her, Pulling her closer.

\" Fute-ma mai incet.\" I tell her at so point. A very honsest desire i
had in me. She immediately complied and further more, got very turned on
by my energy.

This took the LBP from 3-4 to 1-2. (Both emotional connecting, but core
and abs contractions, etc)

You're being deceived by masturbation. Stopping it its the first step to
your problema.

14 Nov -

Revelations&Theories LBP

Fascia is everything.

It reacts to different outside stimuli and creates inside sensations.

It reacts to both indoor and outdoor envinronments. To both outer (other
people) and inner energies.

Thats why when outer&inner envinronments were filled with peace and love
(throwback to Paris), i could sit without pain, walk 20.000+ steps
without pain.

Targetedly, Movement is food for the fascia. Just like actual food fuels
the body\'s energy. Movement(both doing and not doing anything like
siting, sleeping, resting) affects and feeds the fascial system.

Last days/weeks LBP has been constant around 3-4-5 and i am left
wondering what changed and what is it causing it.

The emotional perspective: Lack of feminine love. Of Affection.

Bio-mechanical perspective: Sedentary life-style alternating with
jumping straight into strength training.

There are times when you have a pain or suffering but there is
absolutely nothing in the world you can do at that moment to fix it.

To win in those moments is simply to not identify with the incapability
and pain - for you will enter a painful spiral:

Pc/tel 10 ore/zi + laba(pozitia in pat) + forced workouts with guilt +
alea alea = constant LBP.

But to take a step back and see the bigger picture.

Taking a walk feels really good. Especially naturally swinging my arms.

12 Nov -

Got home. OG\'d Violeta. Its crazy how i felt her reactions (mai lasa-ma
cu engleza si i\'m not gonna open up about myself.)

Its also crazy, how compared to the past witch, i didn\'t get offended,
but i was happy she\'s interested. I could see it dettached.

Driving to Vivo, i can feel all the beings inside me manifesting. Most
loud are: the child who is afraid of fail and rejection, the harsh
parent who puts pressure on the little child, the self and everybody
else in relation to vivo.

The self does not prefer this environment. Its crowded and the energy is
low for interactions. What it does love doing here, is just observe the
infinite people's energies, birthing their stories, their physical
manifestations, their relation to close ppl and to the outside world.
Its really fascinating. And liberating, as it becomes clear that people
view on the world and myself, don't define me.

The parent wants to approach. Its still present in me, tho not as
strong.

The child is afraid, uncomfortable. Interactions with women are so
painful for him, continuously begging for their validation and rarely
getting it.

Arrived at Garbau. Its Saturday. I am amazed of how quiet and peaceful
the energy feels. It really is Saturday morning effect in people hearts.
And this is amazingly well felt here, in a place where normally
everybody runs around.

The curtains are the same at our old apartment. I can feel their energy
and memories.

10 Nov -

Re-watching Da Vinci\'s Demons

I feel amazing, mood for workout, food, work.

Did some pull-up sets as so: 28-21-21-21

Took my laptop and went to chicafe, with the thought of having a good
coffee, doing some pull ups and work on personal/actual work stuff.

Got here, moved to a chair and there is a huge energy in me to do stuff,
despite at home i had no mood for work.

Change the envinronment.. and your state changes.

As i drove off, i accelerated in first gear to make my way into the
band. Rear wheel slipped and bike wobbled. I instantly let go of some of
the thrust and allowed the bike to regain it\'s balance. It did
perfectly. I was thrilled i didn\'t crash and reflected on the newly met
driving conditions and safety.

9 Nov -

Hitting the Apex - amazing how the human factor plays such a role in the
MotoGP community.

Really insightful documentary, it was heaven how Rossi won 46 grand
prixes, than lost another 46 before we won a new won. The total points
gathered at that time was 4646.

8 Nov -

Spending time with father feels actually amazing. Allowing him to be
exactly himself and not trying to change him.

Recunoasterea lui si iubire.

The fact that he\'s always \"busy\", talking on the phone, not managing
me when I visit, while he exagerattely tends to his guets - it\'s
actually because he doesn\'t feel the need to prove himself/entertain
me. It\'s actually because he sees me.. feels me as home. That is truly
beautiful.

Some huge revelations.

Last weeks i masturbated 1 to 2x a day. This works like a hidden anchor
into a DRAINED, low energy state. The body really takes a lot to recover
for an intense pleasure in a short amount of time. Its logical if i
think about it, replenishing my body and spirit\'s life force is indeed
entitled to consume a lot of resources.

So recognize this and aknowledge this process, in order to be able to
change it.

Revelations & Theories - Back pain - LBP

There is more to these pains than the biomechanical pov.

But, from a bio-mecanical pov, it has become clear that its related to
back line activation around the low back area. Compressions,
activations, pelvic and all angles and positions, contribute.

Getting in position to do inverted TRX curls and posteriorly shifting my
pelvis + posteriorly tilting it felt very relieving.

7 Nov -

I have a strange feeling of guilt for not writing down my days lately.
Like I\'m ashamed of how i\'m living them and i don\'t want it written
down. This feels like a inner child voice. While the true self feels no
pressure nor need in writing here everyday.

LE: Even what I called 'the true self' is an illusion.

I\'m relieved the teeth pain is gone and took small steps in Re-Connect
project almost daily. Initially it was a lack of clarity surrounding
this area, but the fog is slowly lifting away.

I dream so much and intense lately, i often wake up full of emotions or
even crying.

Last night dream was about going in ludus in front of old apartment.
Mamami is living there with another man. I work at my bike right in
front, looking at the window. After a short while, she sees me. I cannot
begin to put into words how much happiness and love was in her eyes as
she recognized me.

Another dream was about me fighting something for my life, destiny,
death, fulfillment.

Yesterday's food(yack pizza, sweets, milk, etc) - gave me an upset
stomach during the night which woke me up and persisted throughout the
morning

6 Nov -

After aftertoon i got home and i had a good, positive, full of energy
vibe. Here i felt i was facing 2 choices. Order something good and
healthy, go out, OR order pizza and \"unhealthy stuff\". After i
masturbated, I eate a reese with milk, then grisines :)).. it almost
instantly anchored me in a low energy direction, proning to ordering
pizza, smoke, play/watch tv series. Naturally anchoring from one low
energy activity to another.

3 Nov -

Pelicanu\'s Live in Mentstuff take-aways:

Cel mai mare consumator de energie e ezitarea

pastreaza in minte clar intentia de a afla ce face acum/diseara pentru a
stabili date-ul - clar, daca simti conexiunea

da-ti voie sa-i zici orice simti in momentul ala despre ea si voi

du conversatia spre chestii emotionale despre ea (ce te-a facut sa alegi
jobul asta, cum te simti cand lucrezi, etc)

Tooth pain is gone completely. Stomach was pretty upset last night.

Combination of high-er quantities of food + caju + cozonac cu nuca/gem -
very heavy for it

2 Nov - Slept really well with slight to no upseting in my stomach.

30 Oct - Slept well but waking up to an upset stomach.

29 oct - \"Vasilica dute acasa.\" memory - and how i did not weigh at
all what mother/women thought and wantes

Dreams to note:

Old teacher dream - old man archtype?

The witch - who's essence i had in my hands and wanted to destroy but
she got to me

23 Oct -

Commited with Pelicanu to Hobby 2 Profit.

I have a great feeling about this, beyond the start enthusiasm. I'm
coming towards this coming from a peaceful place and alignment with my
destiny.

This is what i want to give to the world right now. My journey, put in
words and moving images. \<3

22 Oct -

Pains&Revelations theories

The last weeks had been missing the love flowing from women in my life.

Could this be part of the latest issues experienced?

Interactions with women are mostly experienced without any trigger.

21 Oct -

Nose&eyes feel inflamed, either from a cold or allergy ? 🤔

Stomach feels inflamed and irritated in the past days/weeks. Especially
at night/morning.

Going to retake treatment as so:

Stomac sanatos - 2-3x day

Ceai stomac - 2-3x days

Laptisor matca - 2 caps 2-3x day

Pastura - 1-2x day

Vermicin - 2x day

1\. Besides treatment, i am going to spend a few moments before every
meal, blessing it and placing the intent that it's meant for the well
being of the body. (Both digestive track and teeth)

2\. Doar apa (de izvor) inainte cu 1-2 ore de somn.

20 Oct -

Asked mom if she covers 20% of my dental cost, as i\'m in a tighter spot
with money.

She appeared very triggered, replying with instant \"no dear, you earn
your own money, your salary is greater than mine\" - with a attacking,
aggresive tonality.

I felt this negative, heavy energy all around my body. I\'m not sure of
the cause, could be personal - related to her dissaproving many of the
things i did/going to do: Thailand, haircut, Pelicanu character, not
going to Danezu\'s birthday and getting him a gift, etc.

Could also be strictly financially related, and me triggering a part of
herself which is working really hard which confront the part of me which
has a very easy job/s.

Although the second scenario doesn\'t feel that probably, as in her
energy was this vibe of punishement - as in - i\'m going to punish you
for not doing as I say/expect.

OR it could perhaps be her talking from a whole and peaceful place,
produly and peacefuly guiding her son to individuality. And her reaction
which was attacking me and justifying her decision, was actually about
her, to convince herself that it\'s OK and justified what she\'s doing.

LE: it was her pain regarding money. When money are asked, not gifted by
her choice.

Same you have it. Same dad. Very profound experiences laying at the
bottom of our beings.

Whatever it is, it\'s her burden, if it is a burden. Not mine. I love
her beyond that. Yet i am not responsible and i am not gonna take it
upon my own. Love you mom. I cherish the gift of life you gave me with
all my heart.

Just got my CJ-BKK flight ticket. Exactly as the payment was processing
and ticket confirmed&reserved, clock ticket 11:11. \<3

18 Oct -

Approached the little teacher.

The moment there is peace in the inside, the outside can manifest
freely.

17 Oct -

Father got very dissaproving about my ear pierce, yet I was unmoved.
Unshaken. 0 trigger. Did not feel the urge the justify myself/convince
him I am OK.

Started seeing through people, seeing their core beliefs and values and
how they manifest as they talk/behave.

Saw right through my father as he was talking about uber and electrician
school. Non judgemental.

16 Oct -

Idea to create a online mentorship/course with Pelicanu about
movement/fitness.

Put my lfietime knowledge out of my experiences and story in a course.
With pelicanu as my right-hand, making this possible with his story and
great knowledge in sales/people\'s need and vision.

Ran into Adriana and Flaviu the other they. She was perplexed in front
of my new energy and appereance. Eagerly invited me over.

I went today and saw right through her, how much she wants a child but
does not trust the place Flaviu comes from.

Declaring she doesn\'t want kids but burst into tears when i touched the
above string.

15 Oct -

Went to Cata\'s Wedding for a short while. To see my mother and partake
in this ritual of love.

Loved the energy surrouding the grooms during the cake dance. I felt a
lot of love in Cata\'s heart for her. She was singing along, it felt
more like her energy was about the social inertia of a wedding, rather
then her inside becoming bound to his.

My mother was in trigger as I arrived, insisted i button up my shirt.
Then got in a even greater trigger as she tried talking to me about WHY
i came, insisted on asking for my complements about her dress and
appearance, but the music was loud and i wasn\'t bending down towards
her. I didn\'t feel like i want to put energy in bending down to cover
\"crucial\" topics like where i was coming from and above. Then
complained about me having my hair covering part of my eyes.. Then
interpreted the eyes i was looking at her with as filled with
repulsivess and disgust.

At the end of this spiral she was very very angry at me. As another
person entered her conversation field, a fake smile and happy attitude
covered this. The second they left it, she returned to the triggered and
angry energy. This felt EXACTLY like many moments in my childhood.

I wasn\'t in much trigger, but yet i felt rivers of anger and negative
emotions inside her. I assured her i didn\'t feel anything in the realms
of repulsiveness or disgust for her. But that she is just cute and i
wanted to come and watch her dance.

Then it all came together:

\"Personality A\": The queen who\'s reign is coming to a natural end and
she feels as if it implies her end as well.

A goddess who\'s life force sprung out of her beauty and sexual energy
being manifested in the world. Recognized by the world.

This happened from an early age. She felt extremely beautiful and people
too felt this amazing femine energy inside her. Praised her with words,
gifts(as the set of jewelry she was wearing tonight) and lots of
attention thoughout her life, from both men and women.

It always made her feel wholeness and happiness. Gave her purpose in
life beyond being a mother and career.

As the years passed, this stood unshaken in her heart. But as old age
approaches, she feels more and more terrified by it. Like she has to
surrender her Aqua vitae flowing inside of her - and there is nothing
she can do about it.

That this.. cannot transcend time.

This thought of innevitable reality comes with a great pain and void in
her heart. So big that she often tries to fill it with a variety of
clothes, jewels and the admiration of others. Which tends to works
perfectly.. until a point. When something happens and acts as an anchor
to the inevitability of the harsh reality.

Exactly so, she appeared tonight. She felt one of the most beautiful
women at the whole event. Women her age stood no match to her. Even many
of the younger ones stood no match for her energy.

Her throat hurting, feeling not in her element because of being
surrounded by a different, new generation with their beliefs and music.

An envinronment very unfamiliar to her. Out of her control and comfort
zone.

She cannot ignore this void inside her as it unfolds before her eyes.

\"Personality B\": The young ageless princess

Yet she felt very beautiful, much more beautiful then all the women her
age and even some of the younger ones.

This duality made her feel very unease.

It was spiked when i told her i\'m coming.

First thing, she sees me. My shirt unbuttoned. Automatic trigger about
my dresscode being disrespectful and not matching the dress code & vibe
of the wedding.

Bam. Negative spike.

Talking with Laura, she feels very attracted to me. I, too, feel very
attracted to her.

Started masturbating slowly thinking about feeling her body, kissing
her, making love to her.

Stopped with the idea to go later and see her, experience her body and
energy in reality.

A strong sexual energy is felt. One being inside me wants to masturbate,
either to domination porn or to thinking about Laura \<3.

The Self desires to hold this sexual energy and go later to see her. Let
it meet with hers in this dance of love and sexuality.

14 Oct -

Meeting with Stefan. Getting to know him as a real person and friend,
beyond a mentor.

Crazy how we resonated regarding our psihycal pains and the fear it
forget at the bottom of our hearts.

Gave him a deep and long therapy massage in which i really connected to
his body. It drained me. He felt great relief and revelations in my
hands and words.

11 Oct -

First Date with Laura.

20:30. I was sitting near the bar when I saw her. She\'s so little and
sexy. Her body curves are close to exactly what i look for in a woman.
Clear and clean skin, moderate to slight make-up and full of life
energy. I was a bit un-ease, for I previously felt impulses of a
superficial energy, not connected to herself, in part of her messages.
This would serve as a great turn-off.

In the first 15 minutes, i was yet confused. But then, naturally and
unforced, her body was opening up and being drawned to mine. Waves of
our hands touching, rising higher and higher in the tide of an unforced
moon. I found my body to be extremely attracted to hers. Her curves,
posture, side profile, how the warm light of an empt bar was falling on
her lips..

Conversation and chemistry developed naturally. I caught myself
observing how I touched many of the \"How to build attraction\"
bulletpoints, but only during or after i\'ve already done it. The final
step. Integration. Things that are worth mentioning were: teasing her by
backing off when she said something i did not like, giving her
\"orders\" as she played with my sleeve, sexual references through jokes
involving us and stories, allowing kino to develop on both sides -
letting her come towards me, etc.

There was a moment an hour in when i started doubting myself. \"Its been
an hour in, i should have kissed her already. I should kiss her now!\".
I turned my head to hers and i couldn\'t this of anything else. She was
also silent. From this state, i projected something as \" She is
expecting me to kiss her, to do something!!! Any other words or subjects
now serve as running away from this!! I must break kino level 1!!! I am
in the first fucking place as I was many years ago??!? \". A minute of
silence followed. But it felt like an hour.

\"Welcome, my friend.\" - i think to myself. \"Come out with a smiling
face, for you are no longer judged. I see, FEEL your thoughts and
impulses of fear of rejection and trying to prove you\'re good enough.
You are part of me. Take a comfortable seat in my heart. But let ME do
the sailing. \"

Clarity followed. I will not kiss nor sexualize out of fears and
attempts to prove myself. But i will do so when i truly feel to. When
it\'s EFORTLESS.

Intimate conversation started. She opened up about some deep aspects and
fears in her life. It felt like here she was, opening up her heart in
front of me and taking my hand to lead me through it\'s uniqueness. This
turned me on. It was like I was making love to her mind. Knowing her
before i can psyhically love her.

I get up and go to the bathroom. Come back and change my place from
sitting to her left to sitting to her right.

The energy is completely shifted. There is no more pressure nor effort.
Things seem to simpy flow.

She leans onto me. Her body feels completely opened to mine. At this
point, i knew i could simply turn her head and kiss her and she\'d go
with it.

But the most emotionally impactful way to transition from this to
kissing&more, is through a story. A context. She makes a joke about
breathing exercises.

I gently raise and turn her head to me and start listening to her
breath.

Our eyes meet with great lust and desire. I feel both the predator and
the prey. I know she feels this too.

\" I don\'t feel any breath\" - i say while drawing closer to her face.
Our lips are now inches away. Our eyes remain fixed and our breaths come
together as one. I am breathing her. And she is breathing me. Her lips
gently part almost uncontrolably, longing to meet mine.

I pull back and keep looking at her. A subtle, teasing smile is on my
lips. She looks like a feline who\'s meal was just ripped from her
grasp. Hungry and driven by the powerful sexual energy in her.

\"You\'re fucking driving me crazy playing like this\" - her eyes tell
me, inviting me back into her intimate and private side.

I slide my right arm on her naked back and pull her close. She inhales
as our bodies meet again, pressed against each-other.

She knows this time i\'m not gonna stop. Our lips are slowly coming
towards each-other. Right when they\'re about to meet, they stop. The
naked eye could no longer see any distance between them. But we could
feel it. Its really amazing. No words can begin to describe it.

Finally, they meet. I can\'t remember the last time i felt such soft and
loving lips. We start kissing and felling all of her body right there.

I get to her pussy. She lifts her leg to allow my hand to meet her
little paradise. I gently press against her clit through her black,
tight pants. Then i move back up.

.. Later that night we went playing cho-cho. She was by far the hottest
girls in there. She\'d been a ballerina for over a decade and this had
transitioned in the way her body moves during all activities. The way
she dances, bent over, grab her drink, felt amazing to watch. She moved
with love and gracefulness.

She got pretty drunk and started making jokes about how she\'d wish i
got drunk as well so she could take advantage of me. It was clear that i
could easily transition to go to either her or my place and fuck her.
But i was tired. And as much as i wanted to be inside of her and make
love to her, i didn\'t want it to be done with her being drunk and me
sleepy and tired. I didn\'t want it to happen to prove myself that i can
do it, but allow it to happen in a efortless, fully enjoying it way.

So i left. Went home. She was surprised and wished i stayed longer. I
wanted to respect my sleep and tomorrow to come routine. The idea of
making love to her came with great peace in my heart. It no longer stood
in front of her the immediate gratification kid, who searches for
shallow ways to nulify his greatest fears.

Maybe i\'ll lose the chance and she will back off, considering me a weak
man. That\'s her loss.

After the video kingspeeches with Laura, calling her attitude as not
meeting mine in terms of investment and presence, she opened up.

Through confessions and more presence. We planned in seeing each other
this night. \"But just to be sure, its not a DATE\" - she ended.

I stood a bit triggered, wanting to dive into her words and break them
apart.

At the same time, i see through herself and this phrase used as a
mechanism to justify us meeting. Cause if it were a date, if would imply
many things for her. \"Let her have it\" - i told myself. It doesn\'t
say much about you as it does about her. You don\'t have to prove
anything.

10 Oct -

I open the phone at 17:17. I just found Nialau.

Past days my absolute faith and connection to God was shaken after
Cosu's talk and reflection.

For the first time in her life, granny had told me yesterday about
sharing the food with someone in need.

Nialau has been calling me last night and early morning. I found him
roaming around the streets of floresti and took him in.

How to deal with robotel. Welcome it. Bine ai venit, robotel. Ia loc. De
ce esti aici si ce simti sa faci? Te iubesc.

In below set and afterwards, The self and "robotel" (Disperatu) existed
together, coming with robotel's weak and triggered frame. Its ok
robotel. Ia un loc.

Approached a not too interested girl. Her body language was towards
leaving. I felt to re-frame her state with peli's KS.

Started but it didn't flow naturally. She then left. Felt a bit
triggered and down. Retrospect comes with relief. She was not attracted.
Both to me and to circumstances. Circumstances could have been reframed
through Peli's structure. Blueprints:

" Buna. Am venit sa te salut pentru ca x."

" vad ca pari putin deranjata, probabil nu esti obisnuita sa fi oprita
asa. nu vreau sa-ti vand nimic 😂. Ci mi-a placut X la tine"

This initial social conditioning frame could be adreessed by " Buna. Imi
cer scuze daca te deranjez.. "

9 Oct -

After around 24h hours of not masturbating, i feel a very powerful
sexual energy in me.

Masturbating feels like a guilt-free entertainment but drains me of this
life force. And i feel it to be of better use put into conversations
with real girls and in activitivies like gym.

8 Oct -

Felt drained today.

Rested and eate plenty of food \<3. With no guilt or great stomach
discomfort. The pastry made my teeth slightly hurt and the \"placinta cu
branza dulce(faina,unt,branza,zahar) - made my stomach upset.

7 Oct -

I was surpised when i asked him if he\'s gonna masturbate and he said
he\'d rather stay with the negative feelings.

Great session with my friend, Viorel. He is starting to grasp the bigger
picture.

Interesting moment when he told me that he felt i was mocking him with
my reaction -\> and my immediate trigger and urge to say i didn\'t mean
to.

He pointed out very well that doesn\'t change how it made him feel in
that exact moment. I agreed and

6 Oct -

When i was about 11 years old, i had an earring and i loved it. It felt
amazing in my ear. I dreamed of getting one but the thought couldn\'t
grasp the realms of reality cause of mother&father beliefs. That dream
was burried so deep that i forgot about it completely. It slowly
surfaced.

Today i got one \<3. Little Raul feels loved and amazing.

Slept for 11 hours and had 2 powerful dreams.

One about travelling at light speed to explore other planets&life.

Other was about being in a world without vision and obtaining vision
through absolute faith.

Woke up fully rested and with a powerful vibe towards life&connecting
with people.

This later manifested in meeting with Peli and our approaches.

5 Oct -

Meeting with Peli and doing some sets together came with some
confidence, as i notice there are sets where the hot girl is more into
me, than him.

And i consider him to be a great man.

Last days i\'ve faced so much rejection from all sorts of interactions
and it drained me.

Its not that i feel less of a man, but that i stand questioning myself
whether i\'ll ever find the love i\'m looking for.

Remember you're here for people interactions, not hot girls
specifically.

Also, beware of the place you're coming from.

4 Oct -

Seeing my mother at mamami. Her pedicure is different. Shorter nails. I
didn't find them sexy at all, for the first time in my life. Not at all.

I can clearly see now the blueprints of what sexy legs and feet are in
my mind.

Aeon of Aquarius.

3 Oct -

Getting to hairstylist Darius.

\"Wow, i really like your style!!\" - was his first impression. It felt
genuine.

Talked about deep subjects and life values. He was impressed and
excitedly kept asking for my advice and examples.

There was no doubt in him that i am more than fit to be a
masculinity&dating coach. This would only be possible if in the first
place, in my eyes, i was fit to be so.

There was no pressure or triggers when he photographed my right side
closely. I could see it and the lower energy it held. But it is mine.
Just as it is left. I am not my right side nor i am my left side. I am
both. And none. \<3

Discussion with Peli about how the same opener can have different
effect&results depending on the energy behind it.

Clear example is the video used earlier. - first 10 girls were 8/10
success, following 10 were 1/10. It doesn\'t mean that the energy is bad
or more so, you are, but only that that it\'s energy is not as strong
anymore. In you, in the first place. In the birthplace of the opener.

2 Oct -

Spartacus:

\"I long for it\" - A quote that has been with me from many years,
spoken from Crixus.

It was his answer to Ilithyia when she asked \" Do you fear of entering
the arena with Theokiles, the Shadow Of Death? \"

Later Naevia escorted him down after he told Lucretia Love drains a man
before battle.

Might be the last time she see\'s him, as he\'s about to fight Theokles.

\"You could have asked Ilithyia to replace you in tomorrow\'s battle!\"

He replies \"To what end?\"

\"Honour and glory. That\'s all you care about, isn\'t it?\"

\-- \"Not all.\" - He then kisses her with much passion and love. 

\... \" You said love drains a man before battle. \"

He replies \" It can give him hope - In the right arms.\" \<3

Their view of mysticism.

\" The Gods came to me in my dream. They showed me .. \" - each men with
his subjective interpretation - later transcended in a form in reality.

The impulse to skip ahead from the scenes where Spartacus is weak and
down. The further understanding that it would be a shame not to
experience both sides of the coin. The Yin and the Yang. It cannot be
one without the other.

"Pride does not follow the statement" - Varro after saying something
ashamed about his past.

1 Oct -

I\'ve been wanting to re-watch and experience Spartacus. Lets see, now
as i begin to reconnect with myself, what that feels like.

When i Have Fears - John Keats 1818

Research John and the origins. I stand perplexed before the energy the
poem and poet\'s carry.

The energy surrounding his death at 26 offered great relief and
wholeness as reading and feeling it:

\" .. about four, the approaches of death came on. \[Keats said\]
\"Severn -- I -- lift me up -- I am dying -- I shall die easy; don\'t be
frightened -- be firm, and thank God it has come.\" I lifted him up in
my arms. The phlegm seem\'d boiling in his throat, and increased until
eleven, when he gradually sank into death, so quiet, that I still
thought he slept.

John Keats died in Rome on 23 February 1821. His body was buried in the
city\'s Protestant Cemetery. His last request was to be placed under a
tombstone bearing no name or date, only the words, \"Here lies One whose
Name was writ in Water.\" Severn and Brown erected the stone, which
under a relief of a lyre with broken strings, includes the epitaph:

This Grave / contains all that was Mortal, / of a / YOUNG ENGLISH POET,
/ Who, / on his Death Bed, / in the Bitterness of his Heart, / at the
Malicious Power of his Enemies, / Desired / these Words to be engraven
on his Tomb Stone / Here lies One / Whose Name was writ in Water / Feb
24th 1821

The text bears an echo from Catullus LXX:

Sed mulier cupido quod dicit amanti / in vento et rapida scribere
oportet aqua (What a woman says to a passionate lover / should be
written in the wind and the running water).

Francis Beaumont also used the expression in The Nice Valour, Act 5,
scene 5 (? 1616): 

All your better deeds / Shall be in water writ, but this in marble.

Pops randomly on facebook on Menstuff grup: "DE CE E IMPORTANT SA CREEZI
\"EFECTUL DE AVENTURA/POVESTE\" CU O FEMEIE\".

I was intrigued about Steve\'s perspective. I play it. Started with
Steve reading a question from one of his students. As i vaguely
listened, i felt more and more of how great of a question it is. Wow. He
gets to the end. I\'m completely here and so intrigued. Then i slowly
realize\... it is MY question. The Tenerife hike story with the blonde.

His answer came in a much clearer lighting.

\"In primul rand, daca tragi o femeie de par si ii pui o intrebare
sexuala si iti raspunde. Apoi o si pupi pe umar.. si ea NU reactioneaza
negativ, automat exista mult interes din partea ei. If she would have
cared about her fucking relationship, nu ar fi fost in fucking hike cu
tine sarutand-o pe umar.

Ca sa poti sa-ti raspunzi mai usor la semnalele de atractie din partea
unei femei, gandeste-te in felul urmator. Daca eu opresc o tipa randomly
pe strada, as putea sa-i fac chestiile astea si ea n-ar reactiona
negativ? Of course not, cel mai probabil ai ajunge la politie :)))).
Deci exista mare interes pentru tine.

DAR pentru ca ea este la hike cu tine si are prieten acasa, mai exista o
chestie importanta de combatut. Ea vrea sa faca ceva cu tine, vrea sa
faca sex cu tine, sa fie cu tine, dar nu vrea sa se simta judecata de
tine ca isi inseala prietenul. So, asta este un lucru pe care tu va
trebui sa-l joci. Ori setezi un kingpeech:

Look, nu-mi pasa mie de prietenul tau. N-o sa-mi pese niciodata de el.
Intre mine si tien el nu exista, nu mi-l mai aduce in discutie.

Sau cand esti cu ea la date si incepe sa vorbeasca despre orice alte
chestii decat despre VOI DOI.

BA, hai sa ne concentram pe noi doi. Esti aici sa vorbesti cu mine, sa
te conectezi cu mine, sa faci ceva cu mine.

Tot timpul calibrati si focusati povestea despre noi doi. Noi doi versus
the world.\"

Riding made me feel what veritasium explained in his video about
mastery. How its more than just about the hours.

Then felt some of it's vibrance in my dota days. Then gym.. and
everything i ever did, i strived in my heart for greatness.

Hot girl at table. The Self wants to connect. Other beings in me feel a
moderate pressure. And the thought of sets in the park vibrate in the
same way. Fear. And great relief in the thought of not doing it. Accept
si le ofer multa dragoste tuturor partilor care s-au activat. Sunteti
aici, acum, cu mine. Luati un loc. Now let's honor the Self. Despite
them. Together with them.

30 Sept -

Lavinia position as she was upset about her not mattering for me. Felt
like the place it came from was not matching her great love in the same
way.

In superficial aspects, The coin has flipped completely comparing to our
fantasy.

What if you could see everyone who's talking about u?

Mandala effect. Reading through the last pages of Jung's Memories,
dreams and reflections, i read and search for mandala.

I recognize it instantly, but not intellectually, but emotionally. All
the times i have seen and felt it. Coming together.

I continue to read "... It signifies the wholeness of the self. This
circular image represents the whole-ness of the psychic ground or, to
put it in mythic terms, the divinity incarnate in man. In contrast to
Boehme's mandala, the modern one strives for unity; they represent a
compensation of the psychic cleavage, or an anticipation that the
cleavage will be surrmounted. Since this process takes place in the
collective unconscious, it manifests itself everywhere. The worldwide
stories of the UFOs are evidence of that; they are the symptom of a
universally present psychic disposition."

Enjoying a great coffee and burger at Form. I look around and there is a
clear feeling in myself.

That i can now see, feel which persons and girl i want to interact with.

29 Sept -

Getting sick after Simona - "explained" by viruses+allergic reactions.
Question is which implied which. The energy - the "explained" symptoms,
or the other way around.

Meeting with Cristina, she was reading \"Becoming an apprentince in
human nature\" on the bed next to mine. I opened using the book and
talked a lot and deep.

She said having a hard time tolerating a lot of foods corelates with
intoleraring lots of peoples and their ways and with great rigidity in
her joints.

The way i found no usual parking spot and parked it on the sidewalk. I
noticed only when i got out it was actually under a tree. And it had
rained outside. The tree protected my bike. Its completely dry.

Slept very poor, symptoms being very acute.

Bio-tensorul citeste un virus respirator. Inflameaza mucoasa gastrica si
tot -\> accentueaza tare alergia la praf -\> explanation and logic of
symptoms.

Treatment: treat allergy and cold (coldrex,zinc, vit C)

28 Sept -

The idea of many sets outcome not being dependent on you starts to
beautifully integrate. I no longer identify with rejections like i used
to, far from it.

Multiple sets in quick rejections, almost 0 trigger. Felt some pressure
and slight triggers and gave love to them. Acceptance. But moved forward
despite them.

Longer set in form cafe. 1 min in i realize, wow i feel no pressure!
This is awesome! When i got bored after 20 min, i ended it naturally.

Transilvania therapy #2: As i put my phone down, i started feeling the
energy flowing in me and through me. Much stronger than yesterday. And
the open-heart and body which receive it. The intention to open up and
invite the energy to flow. To meet with mine. To heal in this beautiful
dance.

A clear realization appears. Intent is everything. Before any activity,
placing a clear intent changes everything. Feeling it. Manifesting it.

Lost air-pods. Didn't feel like i lost them in a familiar environment.
Couldn't recall where yet i trusted myself so much they didn't just
randomly dropped. I could only think of Peli and Flori. Peli said no.
Flori didn't feel right.

And i couldn't reframe it naturally. Then i arrived at Trans Health. And
everything made sense. 🙏❤️

Had no sleep. Replied to a post on menstuff. Gave a reply from the
heart. Minutes later, friend request from Viorel. Deep talk to him.

Naturally unfolded into the idea of me mentoring him.

Ended therapy with Cristina with great peace in my heart.

27 Sept -

You don't have to forcefully game, my friend. To go walking in parks
with the burden of approaching. But simply do the things you want and
enjoy. Go in the places that make you feel amazing. And allow life to
unfold, bringing up whoever it needs to bring.

Example while picking up my pants from Flori:

As i put my helmet on, i see 2 girls at the window, on the first floor
of a block ahead.

They're looking at me. I put my helmet on. And wave to them. First 2
seconds they don't realize i'm waving to them. I insist. They realize
and wave back excited. The 3rd girl shows up at the window.

I get on my bike. The one on the left is pretty cute. I feel a trigger
at the thought of stopping right in front of their window and asking for
her insta. But i accept it. Navigate despite it. Stop. Lift up my
helmet's shield. Point to her.

" tu cea din stanga, cum esti pe insta?"

"😳 me??? 😱😍" - pointing to herself

" Da."

" biaa.b6 " - while pulling out her phone and eagerly waiting for my
follow notification to pop up.

Amazing vibe and experience.

You do not realize how extraordinary you are my friend. How few men get
to experience something like this.

Closed my eyes. Without searching for it, i can feel the energy flowing
into my body from the biophysics devices. I welcome them peacefully and
with much love. I don't want to be on my phone no more, just experience
them.

Everything is energy ✝️.

!PAINS & Revelations - Stomach

Started to feel much better lately. Sleeping on my back. Wow. There is
still an inflammation felt, but there is progress ❤️🙏.

Coming back to Transilvania Healing center to continue treatment. First
thing read was skin inflammation. Doc was bit confused why it primarily
read this with me having no symptoms of rash and stuff. Then it hit me.
Realized it was the fresh tattoo. My body #1 priority right now. Wow.
This is real! Continued to accurately read other inflammations. Stomach
and digestive track read much better.

The body is starting to heal ❤️. After 2 years of what felt like
searching in the dark, there is a trace of light. Of hope.

"Biophysics scan is like a a RMN to the spine. "

Sitting here on my back, I can feel the body healing. In many ways.
Moving towards the goal of honoring the body. Learning, feeling it's
natural frequencies and vibrations and flowing along with them.

This brings along a feeling of great body-mind-spirit synergy,
recognizing and knowing each-other. Providing for each-other a thriving
environment. To nourish.

This started to manifest in various ways:

I performed 27 pull-ups this morning in one set. 🙏❤️

2 days ago, I experienced one of the most powerful and liberating
"meditation" sessions through Anca's energy and ways.

Focus on personal study&work has grown exponentially.

26 Sept -

Got out for a walk to pick up the newly bought car. Haven't been in a
walk one without hurry nor any pressure in a long time. It feels
amazing.

Right before, i pondered the idea of smoking and decided not to. This
came with great calmness and peace.

Last days events regarding women made me feel a lower energy and
confidence.

Dragonu\'s feedback makes a lot of sense and gave me great relief. He
focused more on their energy and being rather than mine. While i was
absorbed by mine, my mistakes, my weak frames, etc. He said that girls
like these who receive mountains of men validation. I also thought about
that but i was emotionally attached. You are one of her 25k followers.
There will always be greater and lesser persons than yourself. Her life
values are not allinged with yours and a relationship with these kind of
girls is not susteinable. Its like fighting a wind mill. Pointless. Much
dependent upon the wind rather than the man. The wind represents her
current vibe, how emotionally spiked she is and many more other factors
which are not dependent on you. So it is with girls like these, you
should chase them if you feel so. But do it in a manner which respects
the dynamic. That its not worth putting much energy and troubleing
yourself. Gave them short, un-involved replies and interactions. Without
much association nor presence. Like throwing a rock in a river. Perhaps
you hit a fish, but the chances are really slim and it\'s much dependent
on the river, not on the blind man in front of the flowing current who
throws.

If it falls, it falls. More so, girls like these are mostly pulled from
daygame/nightgame. From real life interactions, where their frame is
broken and she no longes talks while bathing in validation and
attention.

When your life values have a certain match, conversation and dynamic
flows naturally. Unforced and completely two-sided.

Rejection from Diana.

Followed right up by suble rejection from one of the hottest girls i met
(later post asia edit: NOT BY FAR the case), Alexandra. has 25k+
followers and receives so much validation and messages. Even makes
tiktoks about it. Her energy in the puppy video was breathtaking. So
much sexual feminine energy that it made me tremble. How comfortable and
sexy looks like she feels in her body. The way she moved her legs around
and her socks were gently sliding down her feet.. how she laughed and
enjoyed that puppy. Incredible.

!! Revelations & Theories - Women

Each of us have a subconcioussly or conciously defined set of values
we\'re looking for in the other person. Dynamic, of course.

Which attracts us both sexually, emotionally and psyhically.

Mine currently are:

Later edit - 26 Feb 2023 -

Primordial ones:

She SEEES me.

My dick gets hard around her

Great love towards herself & her body & the world. / Fizic

Conexiune

Scop/directie viata

Afectiune fizica si emotionala / Sexual

Comunicare / Life psilosophy/ideology

Realizata financiar

They can be fully, partly, or not at all matched in others.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

LBP Constelation

Low back pain was present in my body so i closed my eyes and applied
what i\'ve studied and felt during Anca Maftei podcast.

Started breathing slowly, scanning my body and focusing my attention to
the pain area.

\"Bine ai venit. Ia un loc.\" - i told the living part of me which was
manifesting through pain.

\"Do you want a chair of a specific color? Black, blue, GREEN?\" - i
continued

\"GREEN\" - it stopped me.

\"With much love and acceptance i ask, cine esti tati? Cum te numesti?\"

It didn\'t answer.

\"Are you Pain? Fear? Death? Pain of dying?\" - neither made it vibrate.
I couldn\'t identify it.

Then i asked myself exactly when did it come into being.. reflecting
upon what Anca talked about we taking our loved ones pain and symptoms
upon us.

Summer 2017 gradually getting worse until The winter of 2017 when it was
at it\'s peak. What was happening at this time? My parents separation.

Which, out of the 2 people, had dealt with low back pains before? Both
of them, but specifically my father.

Which of them, were much more experiencing the pain left behind? Clearly
my father, as she was walking away and he was about to be alone.

I remember in this period my father was surrounded by a negative energy
so strong, but which i couldn\'t name at that time. I can now. You could
read it on his face and spirit that he knew that this time is for good.
He will lose HER. Not as many years ago when she left again but he could
feel it is an illusion. Now it was final. Taken away forever. He was
terrified.

Suddently, this part of me got a name. It was my father\'s great pain
which embodied the emotional and spiritual experience throughout his
lifetime with my mother, now taken away. The energy which gave birth to
the gift of life, now gone.

Taken upon myself and multiplied a thousand times. Of course i was
devastated. Oh and how much it felt there is underneath these words. The
downward spiral going all the way to moments before my conception..
before their conception.

Another realization came to mind. The contrast on which this pain
exists. The love story they shared. From the beginning, to now.

I could feel it all in my cells.  

Who she was when they met and where she was coming from.. the gift of
life from

Mamami - an old soul who grew up motherless and whose mission i just
realized. As i was writing a while back, i was saying how fascitacing
that our life\'s mission is forged out of what we feel it\'s missing
from our childhood the most. For her, a mother. So, naturally, her whole
existance is and will be to be a mother.  

For every day she missed having one, the warmth of her mother\'s touch,
caring and giving, she will give back to the world a thousand days of
being one. For Mona and for myself. Give her whole being and endure any
sacrifice destiny had laid for her, to be a mother \<3.

Unmoved when realizing what God has prepared for her in Bubu. A cheating
husband, drinking, spending money and not being home. For He gave her
what every cell of her body longed for, was born for. The gift of Life.
Mona. Therefore, she would never leave him, for it would mean
symbolically stepping out of the mother\'s role.

It was all clear now. Why she never complains about being sick, can\'t
accept money or services, gets so excited to cook and so empty when she
doesn\'t feel useful. Cause that is the core of being a mother. Give.
Give with all your being. Give at any cost and sacrifice. Give
unconditionally and forever.

and

Bubu - One of the 4 brothers and sisters born in a traditional small
village, Cecalaca. A simple man who grew up poor. His greatest
unfulfillment as a child was the lack of wealth. In his ways, he made it
his life\'s mission to find enlightment through wealth&power. And in his
ways, he succeded.

He spent his days in the flow of routine and social standards inertia,
seeking simple pleasures in the psyhical realm. Despite his height, he
possesed great courage and strength. And a phenomenal charisma in
talking and negociating with people.

He did not spend much time in deep thoughts and reflecting in solitude,
for his direction in life was clear to him, as well as his ways. He
never rose any questions about it. Just enjoyed life, without putting it
in much words and thoughts. The touch of a sunrise in a cold morning.
The hit of a cigarrete in your throat and lungs. The excitement of a
good bussiness.

\... and out of the 2 came

Mona - Beautiful as the sunrise. Healthy body and hair, feminine hands
and legs and erotic ass and breats. Like a flower which, approaching
adulthood, was about to flourish in one of the most amazingly sights one
had ever laid eyes upon.  

She had a caring mother and a strong father figure. It\'s true Mamami at
times felt like her friend and at other times felt like her
guardian/teacher. There was this duality of both great affection and
fear of her mother not agreeding/criticizing her ways. This made her
keep a lot of emotions inside and hidden from her mother, which brought
her great pain at certain times. But she\'d manage to bury this part of
her deep inside, and what was left to the world the moment she met my
father, was this radiant curly haired young girl. Her laugh was just as
authenthic as it was sensual. Playful, Inviting one to discover more of
her.

Subconsciously, her life\'s mission was a combination of both of her
parents ones. Fulfilling the gift of life by being a mother and
enlighting through wealth&power.

But for this to be accomplished, she had to get out of Ludus, for this
was no place to allow personal and financial growth to developed after a
certain point.

and Who HE was when they met and where he was coming from.. the son of

Ion - Consciously, i do not know much about this man, as he died when i
was at a very young age.

But emotionally and spiritually, he embodied the symbol of a weak and
tired soul, who had accepted his current place in society and had given
up any hope or determinations to overcome it. At least at the time when
my father was born. I believe this moment to have been of great impact
in his life. The triad archtype, caring great religious meaning
throughout both western and eastern psilosophies, had just been
completed by the third child coming into the family. The first man.
Rares.

Perhaps he was not aware of the deeper meanings of life, but my instinct
tells me that this late child, came with great hope for the old man.

Hope that even if he\'d given up, the boy WILL NOT. But will fight with
his life to overcome them.

Perhaps the old man wanted hot women and loads of money, to travel the
world and experience life outside old Cluj\'s bubble. Out of the
stereotypical working man, which ends up marying the first woman he
feels safe with, just to perpetuate life out of inertia. Perhaps he,
sometime in his youth, longed for love and greatness.

There is the idea that genetically, past generations short-comings and
aspects of life they did not had the chance to fulfill, will come
together in future generations. The miracle of life and one\'s destiny.
Father-son symbol. Therefore, the seed of achieveing greatness was
planted in young\'s Rares heart. And just as the clouds become clear in
the blue sky\'s contrast, so did young\'s padawan life mission became
clear in the contrast of a weak, absent father-figure.

and

Mamabo - I just realized it\'s the first time i wrote this down. Never
written her name in my life, only spoken it.

A mother who already raised 2 daughters. Her life\'s ideology was
similar to Bubu\'s. Not question the nature of life and other deep
aspects of it, but simply allow life to naturally unfold before her. A
simple woman, who placed her family before anything else and found joy
and wholeness in cooking, cleaning, having a strong drink. She\'d
developed this masculine energy throughout my father\'s childhood and it
was somewhat in conflict with her true nature of being a woman.

Later in life she found great relief in retiring to Ludus, a place which
invites one\'s simple ways of living life to flourish. I remember the
energy in her apartment, moments after she met death. It was quiet.
Nothing. There was no pain nor suffering in the air. Like her journey
here on earth was complete and she had transcended into the unbeing
peacefully.

\...and out of the 2 came

Rares - The seed that was subconciously planted by his father in a
scared, lost boy - had grown exponentially and here, in front of all his
colleagues and Mona\'s colleagues - stood a MAN. Young. Powerful.
Charismatic. Courageous. In the prime of his age. He was radiating with
this will to GO after what he wants in life.

His unmatched power came from the oath he\'d made years ago, watching a
military ceremony. He\'d been mesmerized by the power of Col. X in front
of so many people. The way the colonel walked and was both respected and
feared by the whole gathering, had awoken something in him. THIS is what
he wants, a symbol which his mind felt it was absolute in overcoming his
greatest short-coming. Enlightment through wealth&power. An absolute
proof that he had succeded in breaking the weak man generational burned
destiny had placed upon him. And, which is more, his son will not have
to deal with this burden again.

All the people in that trip could feel this energy vibrating in him. Men
wanted to be like him and near him. Women wanted to be with him.

My mother was no match for this. The men she\'d had the chance to
interact with were mostly weak, simply ones with no strong direction nor
hunger for greatness. This is the most attractive quality a man
posseses. The way he sees himself and the way he sees the world. For the
more powerful and greater he feels, the greater and powerful the women
feel him. And furthermore, the more apt as a father to their child they
see him. Naturally, she had no chance in resisting it.

\"Welcome. This is the birthplace of your pain. \" - a voice echo-ed
inside of me under the river of tears i was in.

I felt so connected to every part of it, to both mother and father
strings, that i was not ready to give up that beauty. For to give up the
pain which i had taken from my father\'s heartbreak, i also had to give
up the god-given orchestra of events which led up to this moments.

\"I\'m not ready. Don\'t go away.\"

I was, for the first time, in complete peace with it.

**Diary 2022 May-Sept**

25 Sept -

!!! PAINS Revelations&theory

Low back pain

The low back pain was almost completely gone in the past weeks to months
BECAUSE YOU ALMOST paid no attention to it. That on top of some
biomechanical/emotional changes.

It triggered through some activation, as below detailed. So therefore
chasing relaxation cannot be done with other activations.

Sitting made me realize that i can lean and get a signal from my
lowback. Or lean backwards and get a signal from my deep front line.
-\>manifested in t-spine pain.

!! Re-creating motorcycle activation.Sitting with slight lean. T spine
extension, hips slight shifted to the right, slight right hip depression
and full left glute/hamstring activation.

Writing my dream down and studying, writing in my journal, these things
calmed me as i was in a run to take more hits from the drug that is
Alexandra(tt girl). Dream was heavily correlated to this. A step-back
and time for reflection.

The idea of repeating or completing past generations\' destiny. Woke up
wondering if could it be finding true love or abundance in it. (Many hot
women)

24 Sept -

Observe the contrast between the vibe you speak to Simona from. And the
one you talk to Alexandra. How attached you are to alexandra's reaction
and outcome.

23 Sept -

I logically planned to go to subway in the mornin. Got there and just as
i was about to open the door, something didn't feel right. I turned back
with no idea where i'm goin. There she was. Amazingly beautiful. She
gave purpose and direction to that moment. ✝️

Riding home from Cosu i was feeling very tired. A part of me wanted to
get home already and order something in that safe environment.

As i was writing this, a scared, panicked being inside of me manifested.

" You didnt go into subway cause you wanted to walk and time there would
be too short, leaving you to get back and wait in pain. Not cause of the
universe wanting you to meet Alexandra. There is no destiny to fulfill
but the grand schema of your delusions. Everything you believe in is a
fucking delusion. You managed to fool yourself into believing you found
answers to your pain and fears up to death itself, but you are a fool. A
ignorant. You haven't truly escaped any of them. You will realize how
pathetic you are and how you will suffer pain, fear and an inescapable
death full of agony. the higher you stand and feel the harder you'll
fall.

This whole journal as well is just your delusional part feeding your
delusions to avoid great pain and confusion."

This being also activates when other people criticize/disagree/imply I'm
delusional but at a smaller scale.

Welcome, "Voice of Reason". If you speak the truth and indeed I am the
one dealing in lies and You are the one connected to my heart and self,
why do you come with such great emotional pain&triggers?

Storied multiple moments of the day which i really enjoyed. Not
scripting anything, just being myself. The stories embody the energy a
life i'd look up to and have always dreamed. Amazing.

And, what is more, the true beauty lies in what has not been storied. In
above experiences and contemplations.

Going through a tattoo with peace and strength in your heart is much
harder than cold showers&baths. Yet you do it so bravely and at peace.
Like an ancient warrior getting his kingdom's marks into his skin. The
pain becomes nothing compared to the spiritual meaning of the Symbol. Of
the Why. A symbol of the purpose of life and death which took many forms
throughout the thousands of generations. From Love, Freedom, Knowledge,
Power, Family, Courage, Destiny.

Perhaps its a sign to invite Wim Hof's method into your life. Not on
fixed and in an oppressing way, but at peace and by free will.

Yes. It hurts. But i would not want to skip time ahead as i wanted to
when i was younger during unpleasant activities.

First approach. Blonde. Gorgeous. She was really attracted to me. asked
for my insta. Qualified herself. I was a bit nervous tho. Next time
allow yourself to be a bit more relaxed and naturally funny. Be
yourself, you don't have to impress anyone. I love you.

Found out later in the set that she was actually looking for a stranger
to take a pic, but was hesitant in asking anyone. What are the chances..
? ✝️

22 Sept -

Meeting with Maria Jacobs. Looked 50s but was 70s. A window very at
peace with life and God, whatever that may be for her. Not spiritual and
very well dressed. Hasn't been to Romania in 60 years. Imagine the
contrast.

Idea: smoke only outside in a park or something enjoyable and with
strangers around.

Idea: read in a very comfortable and cozy coffee shoo enjoying something
you like to sip.

Stopped an old man. 90 years old. He looked amazing. Said he eats all
sorts of stuff, in moderation.

21 Sept -

Conversation with Di. She had low-ish investment. Gave her a slight neg.
Worked wonders. She started investing and sexualizing with me.

Return to mma. Getting barefoot feels amazing. A hot girl is here.
Slight talk, no trigger.

Awesome simple meal from Dragonu. Shake and chicken with pepper and
rice.

20 Sept -

Meet with Pelicanu. I felt him lost and untrue to himself. I felt i was
more of a healthy man than he is.

19 Sept -

I feel the trigger as she\'s not answering, unveiling the rejection. But
i do not idenfity with it. Not by Far.

But navigate with my head high and with love for whatever the universe
has prepared for me.

Welcome, part of my self. I acknowledge you. You are accepted and loved.

As i\'ve sent that beautiful sexual message to Raluca, from my heart, i
wondered what if she has a submissive energy and doesn\'t like to hear
talk about gentle, loving sex? I would have to read that then shift my
sexting vibe to a dominant one, and further-more if it came ot see her,
continue with what she likes.

The KING settled in as fast as this chain of thoughts. If it happens so,
you don\'t have to continue if you don\'t want to. It\'s a
incompatibility on this level. Maybe there are compatibilities at other
levels. More so, you do not have to under any circumstances, FORCE
yourself here and forcefully adopt a dominant vibe just cause she\'d
want that. Relax, my friend. Keep sailing from your heart.

!!! Revelations&Theories

Huge level up in terms on online game.

Talking to girls starts feeling as a passion, not pressure. King feels
very present. Zero to no triggers while sending them videos, sexualzing,
etc.

Not taking any rejection personal, but with a suble dissociation to see
if I have anything to learn.

Be it at a skill level or about a self level. (As Simona saw me selfish,
ego-centered)

OG concepts are used at a structure level, using them to build my
natural self upon.

Conversations feel like they\'re unfolding naturally. Efortlessly.

It\'s for the first time in your life. You always wanted it, knew that
there must be a way to do this so longed thing naturally, not forced and
filled with pain and pressure.

Well done, my friend \<3. I love you. All your past selfs. ALL. I love
you, each and every one of you.

**18 Sept - Anca Maftei Podcast:**

CUM SĂ VINDECI TRAUMELE CU IUBIRE TOTALĂ? PSIHOTERAPEUT ANCA MAFTEI. \|
Fain & Simplu Podcast 057

Minte= mecanism rationalizare intelectualizare

Sunt doar parti din noi pe care eu le numesc manageri. Exista 2 tipuri
de soldati in fiinta nostra. Manageri si pompieri.

Managerii sunt cei care, evident, incearca sa gestioneze. Incercand sa
te apere de potentiale efecte daunatoare in viitor.

In schimb pompierii, vin si toarca apa repede pe sentimentele tale.
Emotional eating.

Ala e un pompier din fiinta ta.

Iar mintea cum o denumim noi, sunt managerii. Cum sa fiu un barbat bun,
atractiv?

Fiinte inauntrul nostru care au planuri si agende.

Singurul care nu are plan sau agende, este sinele. Adica sufletul
nostru. Sufletul n-are nici-o agenda. El doar este. Pentru ca Dumnezeu
doar este. In tot si in toate.

Mintea/ego-ul nostru vrea ori securitatea, ori aprobarea, ori controlul.

\"Dar.. avem o singura minte?\" Nu, sunt o multitudine de selfs.

Richard C. Schwartz, mentorul meu, seful psihologiei din Harvard, spune
ca sunt mai multe sau mai putine in functie de experientele din vietile
trecute.

Altii din mentorii mei spun ca avem o infinitate de selfs.

Preiei energia din orice consumi ( social media, other persons, earth,
ideas and concepts, etc)

Adevarul este simtit. Toti am experimentat cum diferite parti din noi
isi doresc diferite lucruri si au diferite scopuri in viata.

Jurnal + Acceptare la tot ce vine la suprafata.

Partile nu stiu unele de altele, ele traiesc in intuneric.

Cu cat ne apropiem de sursa (true self), cu atat vine si lumina peste
ele si afla unele de altele.  

De multe ori sunt puse in roluri extreme, niste copiii din noi care au
luat semnat un contract inconstient pentru a face X sau Y in sistemu
tau.

Si in loc sa fie in fericire, in iubire, sa aduca resurse sistemului
nostru, ele si-au luat rolul de soldat.

Avem o multidutine de minti care majoritatea sunt copii. Cam singurul
adult real este sinele. Esenta a ceea ce suntem noi. Constiinta. Suflet.

Acest suflet care sta pe tronul constiintei si ala este idealul. Ce vrem
noi la nivel foarte profund sa atingem. (nu suntem foarte constienti de
asta)

Noi cautam fericirea, iubirea, banii, relatii, dar defapt toti cautam
aceasta esenta a noastra. Pe Dumnezeu.

La nivelul sinelui, nu mai sunt dorinte. Dorintele sunt doar ale
partilor.

In cautarea starii divine:  Iti iei o masina. In momentul asta, a
disparut dorinta de a mai vrea masina. Aia este pace, aia este Dumnezeu,
de a nu mai avea dorintele partilor. Ci doar a lasa Sinele sa fie.

Soarele trebuie sa stea pe tron. Sinele trebuie sa stea pe tronul
constiintei noastre. In schimb, ce se intampla? Stau astia mici, de 3-4
ani. Copii pe tron.

Constelatia. O reprezentare intr-un anumite plan (energetic, material) a
unor aspecte ale fiintei tale. Relatia dintre tine si altceva.

Ne folosesc in a vedea adevarul din orice dinamica. Ex. Tu cum esti in
raport cu mama ta, sau cu un proiect din viata ta. Poate iti este frica.
Iese la suprafata acea frica.

Intentia. Cu cat ai lucrat mai mult si ai mai putina rezistenta/ soldati
care vor sa te protejeze, cu atat puterea ta si a intentiei e infinita.

Regeneration tool. Copacul.

Lucratul la familia dinauntrul si la stramosii tai, asta e radacina. A
te pozitiona corect in familia ta iti da foarte multa forta. Stramosii
tai sunt in spatele tau, tu esti conectat cu ei. Cand esti in armonie si
plasat corect in pozitia de copil al parintilor tai, totul curge in
viata ta. Ai mult mai multe sanse sa te ridici.

Tulpina este reprezentata de parinti. Felul cum tu ii ai in suflet pe
mama si pe tata, iti va facilita anumite chestiuni in viata ta. Relatia
cu mama, devine relatia cu succesul, partenerul, cu tine insuti. Relatia
cu tata are ca fundament materializarea, implinirea financiara si
implinirea in plan material al unor lucruri.

Corpul (Crengile) e acea antena prin care noi percepem realitatea. Se
manifesta adevarul in corpul nostru. Chiar daca vrem sa ne mintim din
anumite parti ale mintii noastre, corpul simte adevarul. Intuitia daca e
sa ne vorbeasca ne va vorbi prin corp.

Frunzele reprezinta emotiile. e important sa fim atenti la ele dar in
acelasi timp sa nu fim atasati de ele. Ele vin si pleaca exact ca niste
frunze. Invatam sa trecem prin ele si sa le acceptam pe masura ce vin.
Sa ne lasam purtati de ele.

TU esti floarea vietii tale. Odata ce iti tratezi fiecare petala si
parte cu iubire si acceptare, ele automat se relaxeaza. Iar tu, ca
floarea, manifesti energia Sinelui.

Iar abia de aici, de la nivelul Sinelul, putem creste fructele vietii.

Toti avem o multitudine de copii care au suferit si care inca sufera in
interiorul nostru. Asta este si rolul nostru, de a duce noi pe un cal
alb si a elibera toti copiii indurerati din aceste pivnite.

Unii oameni sunt atat de blocati in partile lor de soldat, dar sinele e
atat de ascuns incat nu materializeaza in lumea fizica.

In special cu parintii tai, vindecarea are loc in interior, la nivel de
sine. Recunostinta suprema pentru cadoul vietii pe care ti l-au facut.

A iesit din stadiul de victima\" Ia uita mama nu mi-a dat iubire, tata
bani si atentie, nu ma facut sa ma simt good enough, etc\"

Si in loc sa ne luam responsabilitatea, aratam cu degetu spre ei. Spre
mama, spre tata, spre dumnezeu.

Corpul, taramul somatic e direct conectat la sursa. Daca incepem sa ne
simtim corpul si pe noi si punem atentia acolo, foarte multe raspunsuri
vor veni.

Emotiile sunt interconectate cu corpul. Nu exista separare. Fiecare
emotie va avea un corespondent in corp. Chiar si lipsa unei emotii se va
manifesta intr-un fel in corp.  

La Harvard, s-au facut multe cercetari in cazuri de scleroza multiple si
alte afectiuni in care s-a lucrat cu partile. S-au observat foarta multa
ameliorare.

Daca vine o boala care nu o pot vindeca, si aia face parte din destinul
meu. Si imi plec capul in fata destinului meu.

Noi toti aceste capacitati inerente de a ne vindeca interior, la fel cum
avem capacitatea de a ne vindeca fizic (ne taiam la un deget). Si a doua
zi ne trezim, O ce bine, m-am vindecat! Cine te-a vindecat? La fel
sinele tau te vindeca si emotional, daca ii permiti.

Nivelul de constiinta al psiho-terapiilor sau a altor metode de
vindecare, a ramas inca la nivelul mintii. Nu i se permite Sinelui sa
aiba acel acces. Ba din contra, in multe din terapii, il investim pe
terapeut cu atat de multa autoritate si hai sa-mi de el validarea pe
care n-am avut-o de la mama, tata. Multe din psiho-terapiile actuala, il
pun pe terapeut intr-o pozitie superioara vizavi de client, si omu ala
imi da un sfat, mai ma consiliaza. Eu nu sunt de acord. Toti suntem
egal. Eu, ca terapeut, cel mult pot sa fiu ghidul.

Nu exista trecut. Este doar o iluzie a mintii. Nu este adevar. O iluzie
pe care o poti proiecta pe ceilalti continuu. Hai sa punem trecutul asta
deoparte si sa lucram cu el ca un mozaic, cu lumina. Si pana la urma
acest mosaic mind devine pana la urma acest covor multi-color care este
existenta asta plenara in Dumnezeu.

Osnat Arbel, una din profesoarele mele din Israel, care lucreaza cu
trauma trans-generationala transformata in parti, zice ca faca practica
asta zilnica este derizoriu. Trebuie sa fii conectat la tine insuti.
Chit ca sunt 10 minute, 5 minute. Ex micul meu exercitiu. Inchidem ochii
si doar ne scanam corpul. Observam ce se intampla in corpul si mintea
noastra. Si cand simtit o anumita zona rigida, iti muti atentia acolo.
Ii spun Bun Venit. Respir cu ea si prin ea. Si eventual, daca simt, ii
ofer cateva cuvinte de bunatate si blandete. Si in cateva minute, se
relaxeaza. Daca nu se relaxeaza, iti programezi cu ea cateva minute
special sa petreci niste timp cu ea. Ca sa interactionezi putin mai
adancime cu ea.  \"De ce ai venit? Care e motivul pentru care tu vii?
Care este rolul tau la mine in sistem? \"

Si dezvoltand relatii cu partile noastre, asta vindeca. Pentru ca
Conexiunea, este o calitate a Sinelui. Pentru ca noi punem energia
sinului in toate partile noastre. 

Dar sa nu venim din zona asta de asteptari \" Gata, vreau sa ma vindec
acuma\". Pentru ca si acea dorinta te indeparteaza. Dorinta=Lipsa. Deci
daca eu am multe dorinte, am multe lipse. Si e ca si cum eu transmit
vietii ca sunt in lipsa. Deci daca eu doresc sa ma vindec, este din nou
o dorinta.

Toate partile ne iubesc. Ne vor binele si ne iubesc in felul lor. Apar
sub forma de frici, anxietati, etc. Dar este doar iubire, intr-o forma
mai joasa. Iubire Inconstienta.

NOI (her method) luam iubirea inconsienta, care se bazeaza pe ceea ce a
fost in familie. Repetam destine.. si luam acea iubire inconstienta si o
aducem in lumina constiintei pure. Si ea se transforma in iubire
constienta.

Mii de cazuri in care am luat adus in lumina o boala, un simptom si am
vazut ca este iubire pentru altcineva.

  Caz de-al meu: Durere cornica de cap de 8 ani, a incercat in zeci de
feluri. Durere si ameteli mari.

I-am spus Uite, te rog, scoate te rog aceasta durere in fata. In mai
putin de 3 secunde mi-a venit de sus si am zis \"Cine a plecat prea
repede?\"

A zis \"Matusa mea.\". A adus-o pe matusa. Jale, plansete. Defapt ce se
intamplase, matusa ei a avut cancer la creier, a plecat la o varsta
foarte frageda.

Clienta a iubit-o foarte mult si cumva o parte din ea care o judecat
pentru boala. \"uite ce-ai facut, uite m-ai lasat .\". Deci practic
clienta, prin asta, fara sa-si dea seama, a exclus boala. A judecat
boala. Si atunci ce a facut o alta parte din ea? A preluat simptomul.
Din iubire fata de matusa ei. Si in mai putin de 10 minute in care am
onorat-o pe matusa sub forma de anumite fraze vindecatoare. \"Te iubesc,
te rog sa ma ierti ca am judecat boala ta. Din iubire fata de tine Am
preluat si eu, ca sa fiu cu tine. Din iubire am facut asta.\". Si s-a
relaxat. Matusa s-a simtit si ea vazuta. Accepta. Si uite asa s-a
vindecat.

Destine repetate. De multe ori cand pleaca cineva, ne ducem la aceeasi
varsta. E una din intrebarile mele terapeutice \"Ce s-a mai intamplat si
cui la aceeasi varsta?

De cand ai anxietate? De la .. 25. Ce faceau parintii tai la aceeasi
varsta?Dar bunicii tai\" - pentru ca sufletul urmeaza. atat de multa
iubire e acolo incat pur si simplu ma duc instant dupa el. \"Draga tata
nu esti singur. Sunt aici cu tine. \". Viata este mult mai pretioasa
decat acea dragoste.

Cum putem sa facem sa nu mai repetam greselile/bolile/traumele
generatiilor ? Doar prin iubire. A ne lasa pe noi oameni simpli
deoparte, si a lasa sa functioneze iubirea din interiorul nostru. A
accepta tot ceea ce este. Sa spui da destinului familiei da. Da
trecutului tau. Da trecutului lor. Relatiei lor. Da. Eu de aici nu mai
judec.

Tu vii din uniunea energetica a parintilor tai. Tu cand judeci asta,
judeci cel mai divin loc de unde vii tu. Pe tine. Doar aducand linistea,
care este divinitatea, sa acopere toate partile din noi. Toata
rezistenta.

Noi suntem valuri din acest ocean al constiintei pure. Care capata forma
de Mihai, de Anca, si tot acolo ne intoarcem cu totii. In ocean. Pentru
ca nu exista separare.

Piramida constiintei:

Nivelul 1: Zona de victima. In care cei mai multi din noi se aflam. In
care asteptam

Nivelul 2: Cei care profita din cei idn zona de victima.

Nivelul 3: Cei care isi asuma viata, care vor sa-si ia puterea in maini
si sa faca ceva cu ea

Nivelul 4: Cei care deja incep sa-l vada pe celalalt. Uau, pot sa-l ajut
pe celalalt. Si eu sufar. Hai sa fac ceva sa-l ajut. Oameni care fac
voluntariat, se conecteaza si vor sa-l ajute pe celalalt.

Nivelul 5(Nivelul sistemic, nivelul terapiei mele): 5% din populatia
Terrei. Care pot percepe ca noi suntem parte din ceva. Si ca atunci cand
il lovesc pe celalalt, acel celalalt sunt tot eu si cumva tot pe mine ma
lovesc. Si ca exista inter-comuniune intre tot si toate. Cand fac bine
celuilalt, mie imi fac.

Nivelul 6: Nivelul unitatii. Totul este ceea ce este. Totul este
Dumnezeu si numai iubire. Sfintii, oamenii care au trecut dincolo.

N-am cum sa ma adresez eu din nivelul sistemic sa ma adresez omului care
e inca la nivelul de victima.

Omul ala poate se duce la terapeut sa-i mai dea un sfat, sa-i mai zica
ce sa faca. N-am cum sa sar 10 etape.

Probabil ca o sa ma adresez si eu celor care sunt pe aici sau in
apropiere de al meu.

Despre karma. Trebuie sa precizez ca asta este un hobby si nu face parte
din terapia mea, dar sunt mega-pasionata zona asta si studiez si eu
partea asta ezoterica.

Karma=rezultatul actiunilor noastre din asa-zisul trecut. Adica tot
partile. Cu cat lucram cu noi si le aducem la lumina, cu atat se
dilueaza karma.

Poti sa faci asta prin multe. Prin rugaciune. Dar si rugaciunea daca e
facuta din pozitia de victima (sa-mi dea, sa-mi faca, sa-mi ia) iarasi
nu este energia Sinelui atat de adanca. Dar daca cred cu tarie in ceva,
si patrunjelul ma vindeca. Conteaza foarte mult energia din spate. Daca
este o energie de deschidere, cum este credinta pura, asta va transcede
si va dilua karma. Totusi tot ce se intampla este voia destinului
nostru, a lui Dumnezeu si vom ajunge la \"vindecarea\" potrivita doar
incercand, daca asa ne-a fost scris.

Cand discipolul este pregatit, apare maestrul.

\"Terapia\" in cuplu. Ne punem la masa de discutii si negociere
cunoscandu-ne partile. Pentru ca noi cunosc acesti soldati din fiinta
noastra, ei ne vor asculta.

Pentru ca ei toti respecta sinele. Toata lumea din fiinta noastra cand
simte energia sinelui, isi pleaca capul.

Inainte sa mergi undeva/sa faci ceva, discuta putin cu partile tale
cunoscandu-le. Prin conexiune si relatie.

\"Frica si anxientate, Lasa-ma putin sa vorbesc la interviul asta. Esti
aici cu mine. Te iubesc\"

E important tot ce hraneste si fiinta in general, nu doar mintea si
sufletul. Ce si cum e consumata energia care intra in noi. Natura..
soarele.. dar astea sunt iinformatii pe care cu totii le obtinem daca ne
punem intentia \"Sa avem grija mai mult de corpul nostru\".

Modul meu este unul total legat de intentia. Ne stam intentia si o
aducem in constelatie.

!! PAINS revelation&theories

Stomach pain.

The last nights have been pretty peaceful.

I feel my stomach is much better.

It is a combination of transilvania therapy, supplements, lifestyle
changes regarding food. Not only what i'm eating, but how. From whom.
Digest it through what emotions. Fear and running away from pain? Or
Love? ❤️ And maybe most important, what holds them all together, belief.

I will commit to what dr. Ciu from Transylvania has planned.

7 Sept -

Noticed the trigger as mom was criticizing my decisions, starting from
hair to the sweaters i wanted to buy and to Thailand. The urged out of
hate to do completely opposite as she suggests, as a supra-compensation
mechanism.

But i noticed the triggers as they manifested, and navigated them
through KING mindset. I accepted she was right about the sweaters and
took her advice. Her opinion worked much better. And we shared some
beautiful moments together.

Later, same thing happened with granny. She disapproved me taking the
eclairs in a napkin. Normally i would have been so fucking triggered and
prove her wrong. But this time i calmly listened to her. Bringing them
on a plate felt much better. I did it. Listened to her.

A low and unproductive energy day was subtly starting to build up. I
wasn't feeling the gym.

Mom came. Went shopping and for a coffee. The low energy slowly was
covered by strength and direction. Went to gym. Awesome training
session.

Almost took a right to billa supermarket but didn't. Something wasn't
feeling right. Then rode towards lidl. A car of 3 girls started laughing
and looking at me. I soon stopped in front of them and waved. All 3
waved back excitedly. ❤️

At lidl cash-out register my eyes met with Diana Alessandra with a man,
probably her boyfriend. What are the chances... then used a register
myself, turning my head around and subtly looking at her.

Waited a few secs in the parking lot and drove around. I drive right
past her. She was incredibly beautiful. We both turned our head around
after we passed each-other.

DM-ed her that i'm happy our lived touched each other and that i hope
she found love.

Baba Voss: "My own brother stands between us and victory. No matter the
outcome, i will lose. "

Timacti Jun: "If there's a better definition of war.. i am yet to hear
it".

"If you are gonna trade in lies, make sure the truth is buried with the
dead" - Timacti jun

The un smokable cigarettes happen because the paper is rolled loose.

16 Sept -

What triggered me in bi's friend when i saw she bought 60k followers is
actually reflecting what is in me. That i also did it. When i will give
complete abundance love to this part of me, it will no longer trigger me
in others.

The desperate's need to show off is felt clearly. I believe most of the
time i see it. Sometimes i resist, others i let it be. Its part .

KING: Its part of you. Give it love. Acceptance. Its amazing you see it
before it happens. And fuck, let it be if you really want to. But weigh
in the consequences first. Look at the big picture. Sometimes its not
worth it.

1.With lavinia, as she was opening up about something very profound for
her and us. But it was more important to me to show off with my tinder
shit.

2.At yardi event, wanting to show up/leave in everyone's sight. I
resisted it.

Went out to get some good food to enjoy. Ideal plan was
lidl-panemar-mega.

Yet i was so often hit by waves of confusion. Didn't feel the energy to
do it all, streets were crowded, backpack was getting full.

So after panemar, i said fuck it, i'm going home. Then i said no, i want
those tortillas, they are important for my enjoyment at home. I'll carry
them in my under my hoddie. I made a slight right to enter carrefour, as
i calculated it would take the least amount of energy.

But the entrance was under-construction and there only this little
bridge for cars. I could have passed, no problem. But as i got on it, i
stopped. I don't know why, just the energy felt wrong.

So i kept riding towards mega.

Here, as soon as i arrive i see Darius. It became clear now. Why things
unfolded this way. I didn't want him to see me because there is still a
lot of bad energy around that whole situation. But of course i wanted to
know how he is doing.

Is he still begging for money, is he still so happy, and most of all, i
wondered if everything that happened that spring impacted him positively
or negatively.

I hoped from the bottom of my heart that our experience, even though as
short and intense as it was, changed him. Gave him hope. Hope for a
better life, hope for the father-son symbol which had left a void in
him.

Most powerful aspect in our dynamic was that he was looking at me as his
hero. As his father. Was amazed by how beautiful i see this world, by
the freedom and strength in my heart.

So regardless if i ever saw him again, all dreamed regarding him was to
represent a symbol of fathers love, courage, hope. Not a symbol of fear,
pain and suffering, as the whole situation developed to.

Darius was talking to the security guard, a simple old-ish guy with a
good heart. I passed by them wearing my helmed on my way in. Couldn't
understand anything. Then saw Darius waiting at the register's line with
a bagged pretzel as i was going to the self-cash-out.

I got outside and waited a few moments on my bike. He came out and they
started talking again. It looked like the old man had given Darius money
to buy himself a pretzel. He was talking so passionately about
something, but i was too far away and had my helmet on.

After a few seconds, a few words slip out a bit louder and clearly reach
my ears.

"Si pe el il cheama Raul.." - like he was talking about his hero.

Then he walked away, calmly eating his pretzel with his head high. He
seemed happy and full of hope.

... Could he.. be talking about me? Telling all the people he meets and
help him, the story about his hero?

Maybe.

!!! I just realized who the "Hope" bracelet is meant for and that they
represent what the wearer means to me. Maybe ask Lavinia's help.

A wave of worry hit when i realized i don't have car and that this will
become a problem as cold season starts. You don't have to give up moto,
you can ride until late November. You'll deal when this becomes a
problem then.

What brings out the best of someone, in a particular activity/skill?
Great reward or great consequences if he fails? Perhaps both?

15 Sept -

How The day before Pelicanu told me about his job as a team building
facilitator, something i never thought it exists and really loved the
idea of more profound team building exercises.

Today i attracted that exact thing. 🙏

Got 3rd place. Of course. 🙏❤️

Gathered around for team building activity. We were asked to choose a
leader. They all instantly look at me and elected me unanimously.

I was nervous and even more when at the first game there was much panic
in the air. They started panicking around and it look led like we would
never finish it. The KING stepped in. I stopped them. I took control,
grab Gert Jan by my side and showed them the well. Led them from my
fucking heart. The feeling of a true leader with my right hand fang,
Gert Jan.

Continued to lead and have people look at me with great inspiration.

What true leader means.. listened to the advices of my people.

During our team presentation, when Zepis said \"Blood,sweat,tears\", i
instantly had an idea of telling a story about our team. This was
followed by a rush of emotions and pressure. I had many times ideas
similar to this in various contexts. Like at Bubu\'s funeral when i
wanted to say something from the heart. But never did it.

The trigger was too intense.

\"A true warrior does not fight without his fear, but despite it.\". So
i gave love to everything i was feeling, as negative as it felt, and ran
in front of the people.

I wouldn\'t change anything about how it went. But what i do what to
look for in the future in similar scenarios is internalizing the feeling
that i HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE HERE. Talk calmy, take your time, take your
pauses while talking to emphasize the words.

Triggered and feeling pressure as B is sitting to the back table and i
withheld from flirting with the photographer not to hurt her.

Night and morning with Lavinia.

14 Sept -

Selling PC experience.

The story of how Ciu gambled the money i gave him 3 times, turning them
from \~300 eur to 2000+ eur.

An amount which could change his life.

I\'m exalted that this happened to him and that I was a part of it. Best
way i could have spent the steam wallet money.

!Sexual life reflections

A reason worth living for is a a reason worth dying for.

Desperate fantasy lived with Lavinia at full manifestation

Liz fantasy of getting her pregannt

what truly lies beyond sex for me. synbmbol of creation, of life, of
mom, of the earth to the sun to the beggining of all stars and to the
beginning of the universe itself.

(Le post Ammy: Liz feels like nothing now but a mental masturbation by
acknowledging my thoughts and feelings, but far from love.

A constant feeling of finally living the life I am meant to live at
every moment. Wholeness. Feels unreal.

Eaten pretty much last night and slept almost like a baby. ❤️🙏

Onorarea corpului cu un pahar de apa exact cand a simtit asta. I feel so
much love for it.

Real talk with Marian. Emotionally vulnerable, not a clown.

Took the commitment to respect my integrity and ETA.

Realizarea ca iubirea de sine, de viata si de corp e cea mai mare
valoarea pe care o caut intr-o femeie.

!! Forma ei absoluta vine la pachet cu o profunda cunoastere de sine.
Pentru ca, cum ai putea sa iubesti cu adevarat ceva, daca nu-i cunosti
toate detaliile si nuantele? Cunoastere psihica, fizica, emotionala si
spirituala.

13 Sept -

Amazed by the See TV show. I watch it seeing the subtle and deep
meanings, like never-before.

Baba Voss masculine response "I don't have an answer.". His dedication
to the slightest chance his wife is alive.

Lord halen dedication to the queen.

Timacti Jun impeccable knowledge and experience about what happened in
Payan.

The queen's flawless plan and execution to get Mahgda to marry Lord
Halen. Maghda put in an absolute impossible choice for her son.

This TV show is fuckin art.

The characters and plot are amazing, managing to fool the audience(me)
that its all real and the emotions which emerge from this actually are.

Like i put myself in many of these characters shoes and i really
understand and feel their emotions. What a way to watch a series/movie..

Sat outside writing and smoking.

Got cold but this was very pleasant. For the first time in my life, i
brought a blanket over myself. 🙏 It feels amazing. I love you, my
friend.

! Lifetime Revelation/Theory.

\~PAINS \~ LOW BACK - THE FATHER OF ALL?

What if the low back pain and all the pains which followed is caused by
a blockage in the sexual chakra?

In the last 1-2 months, Back pain was beginning to have a very little
impact in my life. Averaging a 2.2/10 on a pain daily pain scale, with a
very subtle decrease towards the present.

In Ludus, most of the time it was my only pain. What changed on a
bio-mechanical level is that i moved back to Cluj and got a new
motorcycle. A supersport.

Main theory is that it was caused by some form of low back muscles and
fascia activation. By instinct, it felt that more specifically, the
issue laid around right erector spinae/QL compressed activation.

This would happen mostly in trunk flexion, with slight inclination to
some degrees of low back flexion. Could also happen when climbing:
repeated trunk flexion on a single leg. Hard to say if left or right.
Also when sitting and leaning forward.

The pain would start immediate after the exposure (like leaning to pull
pants up) or many scenarios

Riding moto with pelvis slightly rotated to the right in hip flexion,
focusing torso leaning on more left glute/hamstring activation. Rather
then what felt default position to me. That felt like its putting great
compression on my low back.

It felt so good. Activating left glute and hamstring felt like it was
taking huge stress of the low back. Perhaps this transitioned into my
daily life posture and played a role (main or secondary) in this low
back pain theory.

Bike didn't start at billa. Lost a glove. Spilled protein shake.

Why? So you can spend some quality time with your father ❤️🙏

Do you see now why the past days unfolded as they did? Do you see the
bigger scale? 🙏

I'm flying and crying while watching family photos and more so, with
myself. Contemplating.. i'm Crying Out of pure joy and happiness. I am
so proud of myself. Of what i've become. So connected and in touch with
my destiny.

There is this thought that i will return in having a shallow
relationship with granny, dad, mom. That this feeling of wholeness won't
persist.

KING: It never ceased to persist my friend and never will. The wholeness
of your family connections. It don't matter mom or granny triggers you,
nor you them. This wholeness is beyond the physical realm. It is beyond
any triggers or words.

So go young Padawan, go and ask granny to make you something, get angry
she did it her way, get triggered, trigger, react. Don't speak 3 days.
Get sweared at. Swear. Make her cry. Get out of the car. Regret. Feel
guilty. It don't matter. It really doesn't matter. Same with mom. Same
with dad'a reactions, advices, feeling like he doesn't listen, doesn't
understand.

Let all the ramifications of your being and with your family as well as
with other people Be. Give love to them.

If there was any doubt that you are exactly in the right place and the
universe is unfolding exactly as it should, here's your sign:

As i boarded and was moving towards my seat, i hear from the person
right behind me: "BUM, am aparut". 😂😂😂

I turn around and continue "Cum apare teleleu". He smiles a bit shocked.

" its a great song from Romania, right??" - i asked thrilled

" aaa yes yes " - he says continuing to smile. 😂😂😂😂❤️

Powerful revelation about death, emerged from thinking that plane might
crash while talking to Lavinia and wondering about what would the
perfect last words be.

If you live your life and relationships with others by true heart, there
is no need for any last words. In case of any sudden death, yours or
theirs, last words are useless. I finally really understood what Seneca
meant, even if i read it a hundred times before.

"Life is never incomplete if it is an honorable one. At any point you
leave life, IF you leave it in the right way, it is whole." - Seneca the
younger, father of Stoicism.

All relationships with my loved ones and all the people whose lives i've
touched, feel whole. 🙏

\- -

Good bye Paris, thank you for everything. 🙏

She barely spoken a word this morning, on our way to the airport. I
never felt such disgust and repulsiveness as she had in her eyes when i
asked her to make a deal until we get to Cluj to be more gentle to each
other.

"Nu mai am ce sa vorbesc cu tine. Am zis ce am avut de zis." - referring
to last night calling me selfish and "Nu m-am simtit atat de mizerabil
in viata mea."

I changed seats. Instantly there was a relief in the air. I wanted to
call out her bullshit, tell her how immature and how pointless her
therapy is. This would only make me feel better. I resisted it.

After a while I peacefully started to recite poems. "If" and
"Desiderata". They eased my heart. I love solitude. My spirit slowly
calmed down.

... " Or being hated, don't give way to hatred. And yet don't look to
good, nor talk too wise. " 🙏

I am grateful for everything i lived and shared with her. But its time
our paths go on different directions.

12 Sept -

I don't like how i feel when i'm with her. Uncontrollably, i filter and
hesitate so much not to trigger her. And sometimes act out of trigger
myself. I let so many things go her way these days, so many.. Yet she
feels that in am strictly doing what i want in a selfish and hurting
way.

There's an urge to tell her about this, but would it make any
difference?

Yet i feel a mixture of being sorry i hurt this little human plus fear
that the universe is gonna punish me for it by crashing the plane and
dying.

King: My friend, you know it in your heart that dying in that plane
crash is not your destiny. You are barely unraveling it, there is much
to fulfill.

More so, don't you think that God might choose a different, more subtle
way of making u hurt, rather than actual death? By true heart, you meant
her no harm, only love. But not with the cost of giving up the love for
yourself.

My lesson: Should have asked her to leave me alone with kindness and
love, not out of a wound. My wound met her and things spiraled out of
control.

Reached Sacre-creure.

I have no idea why, but i Had in my mind the song "Words - Bees". It's
been years since i listened to it.

The moment i played it, i started to think about Lavinia and Ariana. Out
of my control. Gave in to the thoughts. Replayed the song many times.
Exactly when the music in my ear-pods stopped, the music outside them
started. "Dance with me" - by a street performer.

I felt i wanted to be alone there. She asked to leave and I told her
that i want too stay longer here. She unhesitatingly stayed. After a
while i told her i want to be alone. She said she's scared to go alone.

I insisted once a while after. She got up and walked away in a rush. I
see now i was selfish. I see that also that she over-reacted big time.
Like everything came crashing down. All the frustration which built up
in her little heart and kept it there, exploded.

She called one of her friends. I found her personality to be repulsive.
Talking and be driven by life values which feel so shallow to me.
Laughing kinda hysterically non-stop. Like there's no problem in the
air. I later realized that I also felt in a good mood and laughing when
Ciupe told me about his gambling.

Am I doing the same annoying shit? I think The difference lies in how I
returned to our dynamic when it was all over. With love, trying to
decompress things and spend what time we have left together out of love,
not frustration and vengeance.

I didn't want to share any more moments with this little human. Its
enough. Its clear as the sky that we are not meant to be together. More
so, we became toxic to each-other.

I initiated a talk. I never saw her so angry, so emotionally immature.
Called me very selfish. Even tho i felt i have resisted the urge to do
what i want many times, for her. Out of selflessness.

She was walking in front of me. Angry, disgusted.

We haven't spoken anything else other than directions until we got into
bed. As I closed my eyes, i felt that i didn't want to be in her
presence not for a second longer.

"Am 2 lucruri sa-ti spun. Sunt recunoscator pentru tot ce am trait
impreuna. Nespus de recunoscator. Si 2, simt ca suntem foarte toxici
acum unul pentru celalalt."

She replies "Nu m-am simtit atat de mizerabil niciodata."

I fell asleep with great pain that i've hurt so badly this little human.
An outcome so opposite to my intentions and heart's will.

Following up our discussion on the subway, which ended dramatically with
her finally telling me what frustrated her. That i didn't hold her hand
long enough, didn't take care of her like she's my love. Didn't open
doors, wasn't gentle enough as I am when we're alone in bed.

I don't understand why she expected me to. We're not together. I made it
clear. More so, she let this frustration along with many others build up
in her. She disrespected what our relationship was built upon from the
first day. Full honesty, at any point.

When i told her this, she said that Again, i analyze her and give
advices. This hurt me badly, there was no point to continue even as
friends.

Following this up, the universe had other plans. Got a 100€ missing
subway ticket fine while the ticket was scrambled in my backpack. She
had thrown hers. Thought i threw it. She was laughing hysterically and
angry. I was hesitant, trying to talk it out. Then she hurried to pay.
The moment the pos ticked to complete the payment, i found the lost
ticket.

It made me feel very empty, not for the money, but for how she deals
with stressful and tensioned situations. Wants to run, get out of there
as soon as possible. Just like when talking about us.

Universe wanted me to share this moment and fine with her. Accepting it
and allowing God's will to flow does not mean i get fucked in the ass
with a smile on my face. But let any anger and frustration out.

Back in melting pot, sitting in my morning's friend place. Completing
the circle. 🙏🔄

Again, its crazy how her emotions shift.

Her personality changes completely to love and affection when we're in
bed mood.

I feel this immense hunger for food and experiences.

Meeting with Zaid, the Jordan guy and how we made each other feel.

After 2 full days of over 20.000 steps, training, cleaning around,
standing i FEEL ABSOLUTELY AMAZING in my body. I feel it so strong,
healthy, resilient. 99% pain free. I honor this body and God for
everything 🙏. Again my friend, this zen is in you, not in Paris nor in
Bi. Its fine to lose it and find it again and again. Let go of the
feeling of wanting to grab it and live it for the rest of your days. But
peacefully embrace all the factors which contributed and let them
naturally integrate.

I strongly believe its a combination of good food, eaten with love for
the body and a state of spirit.

Had the best breakfast in a very long time. Had some water and a sip of
ghintura before-hand. Freshly baked bread with love, salad, chicken
breast, one boiled egg, some zacusca frantuzeasca 😂 and a touch of
parmegianno. Ended the meal with a slow-sipping tea. Boiled and blessed
with the holy cross.

Felt like i'm being and eating blessed food. I was one hundred percent
present with the food. Honoring my body's vitality and strength through
it. 🙏 Not for muscle or vain desires.

Feeding the Body, not the Mind.

Hanged on to the thought of how could i integrate this in Cluj life. Its
easy my friend.

Connect and think with your body. Embrace and welcome the holiness which
is in front of you.

Remember, young student. The only zen you can find to the mountain top
is the one you bring with you. The blessing its not in the food, its in
you. And will be for the rest of your life and meals, if you so allow
it.

11 Sept -

The profound realization that she is a young soul. This body and life it
might very well be her first. Thats why she's so scared. So fragile. So
full of raw emotions. Of pain, of happiness. Everything is as intense as
you first feel them. Told her this. She started crying inexplicably.

Now everything makes perfect sense.

Got into the hotel room. She continues to have this really toxic and
frustrated vibe.

I can't remember what i asked exactly but it was in the idea of how
she's feelings. She answered short and cold, couldn't even make out what
she said. It triggers me so bad that i can't give her love. She went
into the shower, fucking LOCKED the door 😂😂 and played music on her
phone. She started singing along the lyrics. I find her energy and
reactions so cheap and toxic.

This morning's personality(frustrated searching for direction story,
blaming me, not speaking) came back. Much stronger this time.

She started crying when messing up the subway multiple times. Then, when
faced with failure, put the responsibility of getting back to the hotel
on my shoulders. Asked whats wrong, i wanted to accept her emotions and
be there for her. Hugged her. She said "nothing".

Again, incompatibility is clear as day. I don't even wanna hug/fuck her
cause of her immaturity/weakness. Or in some moments i wanna fuck these
emotional instability hard out of her. How could I build a life with a
girl like this? I couldn't.

Again, her waves of emotions manifest. Beyond any logic, reason. I
wonder if all women are like this.

Her waves of negative emotions create my little waves of negative
emotions. This is my lesson. Let them be hers. Even though a part of me
wants to treat her as a child who just hit himself out of his own fault.
Nurture the child, give it love. But this would encourage this behavior.
So don't. Allow it to naturally pass. Like waves.

She got more Reese and stuff, no real food. Not judging, but its
reflecting her view on loving and taking care of her body.

Kept editing her photos. Storied one, like she's having the perfect day.
A truly shallow story.

Uber dropped us off and she stormed upstairs frustrated. Expected
behavior. I feel the urge to punish her. Not go back for hours, eat
alone, hit on other chicks and so on. I could punish her so bad, make
her fucking cry alone all night in the hotel room. Making her live one
of her life's most miserable nights. And all i have to do is answer with
the same coin. But I must Resist it. Give love to whatever it is that
you're feeling. Go hug her. This is who she is. And its part of the
reason you are choosing not to commit in a relantionship. Just allow her
to be herself and give her love for it. Even if its only for a day.

That urge of punishing her, of rationally proving how immature and weak
she is in my eyes, shows that i am still a student in the art that is
human dynamics, especially women.

Walking for the past 6-7 hours with a 2-3kg backpack. No pain.
Absolutely no LBP. Wow.

She started smoking while walking 😂😂😂. Didn't want to ride together.
Didn't wait for me while washing. Not taking it personally, but team
spirit feels like 0.

Her emotions shift like crazy. Beyond any logic and reason. It triggers
me hard as she barely spoke, being so worried about directions, a task
she alone took on herself. Cause of specific shit she wanted to see.
Then when failing, getting extremely frustrated and blaming it on me. My
logical mind could not comprehend what was happening.

Its like when we don't talk, there is such a powerful affection. Like
she doesn't even need to talk, WANT to talk. Like her love language at
this point is not talking.

She started almost crying when i left her alone for 5 min. Started
calling me panicked. This little human feels so fragile, like a little
kid who'd fuckin die if it got lost. And i am her guardian angel. Its a
heart-warming feeling to symbolize that for someone, but is it a feature
that i'd want the woman i'll marry to have?

She no longer finds fascinating and funny everything i say and do. It's
like a part of me that she doesn't love. But its so clear that she loves
other parts of me. Deeper parts of me, perhaps. Which stand unshaken
regardless of my jokes.

But it makes me wonder what changed? Was she pretending to like them in
the beginning like Diana Alexandra did?

Cause these things, longing for exploring, having fun, adventure and so
on, they stand at the center of my being. If she doesn't vibe with that,
spending time together becomes vain.

This is why falling asleep with her, sleeping, waking up - feels
amazing. Most amazing feeling i felt with a girl. Cause her personality
switches from daily life/social to sleep vibe.

But the moment her day personality turns on, the moment she enters
casual conversation and social vibe, there is absolutely no chemistry.

King: So take her as she is. You're not in a relationship tionship with
her, nor commitment. Exposing to her annoying(for u) personality is
completely under your control. Expose in a different way, not logical
but physical.

And big part of it triggering you its reflecting what's still in you.
Why do u need on pushing jokes and your way of thinking? Its your way.
Her not feeling the same does not discredit it in any way, my friend.

10 Sept -

Stumbled across same cigarettes as i did in Bulgaria. I realized Only
after i bought them.

Going to Paris.

Bi triggering me with her empty/disturbed reactions to my jokes/stuff i
say.

I notice the need of pushing it, out of my not good enough pattern. To
prove myself and keep insisting for her validation.

Let go.

Told her this and she gave me an elusive answer, blaming it on period
and travel anxiety. Perhaps she speaks the truth.

Or perhaps there's something else in her.

\*later edit\* Oh how right was I.

There's no point in trying to change it, but adapt to a win-win
situation.

Of course, only if you feel to. You are not bound to do anything if u
don't want to. Lean on you, kiss you, fuck you, nothing you don't 100%
feel to do.

8 Sept -

Training in old floresti park. So many memories of pain, of emptiness,
of running away, longing for another life.

Returning here and filling this place now with love, laughter. Joy,
Strength, Hope.

Destiny. Calmness. Watching the grass and trees flowing in sync with the
music. Or is it the music thats in sync with them?

Super-sport bike is waiting outside. Riding here was pain free. Even
more so. Alleviating.

7 Sept -

Nevoi:

Told cristina whole Lavinia experience.

She reacted so casually, like why did u feel to go into such detail? She
was unmoved by what i thought to be my darkest secrets.

She asked if i am still attracted to her. I felt absolutely no trigger.
Talked openly and freely about it.

6 Sept -

The triad of dreams.

Death of mom/Lavinia

Breaking in Ralph's apartment and then hiding away from police

Planning terrified a hike with mom to escape knowing she won't make it -
when my father comes and saves us. Feeling of family, of re-uniting.

My father talked to some general and brought coffee to ladies, managing
to clear my taxes to school.

I went and picked up my diploma.

My mother knew about this, i found that they had spoken a day before,
planned this. Maybe even paid for this together.

The correlation with the last dream is evidently felt.

5 Sept -

Thinking about Bi is Affectionately, not sexually. Thought of sex with
her makes me feel uncomfortable.

Thoughts about listening to her heart, watch her laugh and smile,
watching her botic, holding her hand, etc - warm my heart.

4 Sept -

Lavinia really sees me more of a man than Pelicanu. She looks at me as
his mentor, not the other way around.

3 - Sept

Momentul in care m-a pieptanat si prins parul in elastic.

Ii era greu sa puna in cuvinte ce simte..

"Vreau sa te vad frumos." - very heart warming

Then she did it. Found the words to perfectly describe the emotion..

"Imi place sa scot ce e mai bun din tine."

How beautiful.

Laughed extremely hard with Lavinia as she role-played me in my
uncomfortable sex life. Then me in submission.

I felt like i was for the first time accepting that big part of it and
giving it love. Laughing together with it.

Understanding how serious i was taking things that should be laughed
about. Enjoyed.

In the same time, the girl's experience and self was also very shallow,
taking the pressure off my shoulders. Its not me bearing it, its both of
us. And its just an illusion i created, as there is nothing to bear. But
to express it. Laugh about it.

Its fascinating how our dynamic shifts from sexual queen-slave vibe to
affection, to friends, to laugher.

There is a clear feeling in the air that this is the only healthy way to
explore fantasies (oh and in what a spectacular way!). When a clear line
can be drawn between real life(love&affection) and fantasy (eliberarea
energiei sexuale, playing).

2 - Sept

Writing last night's journal felt very natural. 3 hours passed by like
nothing. Wow. Nici nu mam dezbracat din bluza si blugi pana nam
terminat. the fucking passion.

\- Compratia intre how breaking up

With Bi/Alice felt to last nights suffering.

Opened youtube to play Across the starts while writing about last night,
i think of how cool would it be to show as suggested. I open YouTube and
It shows as the first one. 🙏

1 Sept -

Talk with Lavinia. Set out to tell her everything I felt, the pain and
agony.

So that she can understand the only conditions in which i wanna
continue.

I was very afraid that i had awoken in her the part that enjoys my
sacrifice and suffering and that she'll do with the Disperatu as she
pleases. Mountains of pain and agony, to which i would not be able to
say No to. Just surrender, give my life into it as a sign of complete
adoration towards her, as a symbol of creation of life itself. (From
lavinia to mom and to the beginning of the universe.)

I was really nervous before seeing her. I felt devastated that at any
point the fear my come true. What if her car wasn't there when I arrived
and she texts me "trebuie sa iti amintesti cine detine controlul aici.
Asteapta-ma acolo cuminte daca vrei sa ma vezi.". 😳. I absolutely knew
it i couldn't say no. I would have given away any gram of power to her
in a heartbeat. Complete surrender to her.

The car was there. I felt a bit more in control. As I was climbing the
stairs, i adopted this vibe of playing a bit cold and in control so that
i wouldn't be so afraid.

I had imagined how I'll dominantly throw her on the bed and fuck her
hard, taking my power and life source back, which now felt in her
complete control.

She opened the door, wearing black yoga pants and barefooted.I was
astonished. She felt like a fucking symbol more than a woman, a symbol
of love and beauty. I slowly walked passed her and put my helmet down.

"You're not gonna give me a hug?"

The same being that just put me through the one of the most painful
nights of my life, was now asking for a hug. A sign of love and
affection from my side. How could i? Why would i reward agony with love?
"Of course.. come here" - i answered.

As i felt her body and energy close to me, i knew that i can't help it.
It was so strong that i had absolutely no control.

All those power on my side vibes, throwing her on the bed and fucking
her, all an illusion. To hide the fact that it's actually true. I will
live for as many days as she wants me to in an ocean of agony and pain.
Drowning. The only gasps of air being when she feels like to give them
to me, as attention and time in her presence. The rest of my days to be
lived on the blueprints of the day before. How i was feeling sick in the
body and the mind and the only treatment in the world was her. The 5
minute visit with it's vibe felt like a true slave-goddess one. Like she
had began to get turned on by causing me great pain, teasing and denying
me the very cure to my sickness .

I pulled her close and gave her the most warm and full of love hug i
ever gave.

I snapped out of it for a bit afterwards and found strength to gently
push her on the bed. Assert dominance. Continue to fucking her bad and
SAVING myself. How naive was I.

" What are you doing? " - she asks

I lost it again. I can't fight her. I am no match to her power.

This was the perfect moment to gave her a token of my love and
dedication.

"Help me putting it on" - she says on a caring and gentle voice. I greet
her amazing feet with my hands and slowly put it on. It was heaven.
There's no other words to describe it.

I asked her to give me the Tabasco. I did this because i knew it would
be an anchor out of this Desperate state. It worked. We started talking.

I felt it in my heart that she would perfectly understand and the
dynamic of our relationship would naturally change to reach a healthy
point.

I already have thought about this a few days ago and i was thrilled to
experience these fantasies with someone who really loves me. As in any
other way, it would mean agony and death. Any slight variation which is
not fueled by pure affection, is doomed. The fantasy is so dangerous
that it's the only way to experience it.

At first it felt she adopted the frame of "Look, i'm not gonna change
and if you can't deal with this, walk away. I won't stop you.".

My greatest lifetime fear just became true. I was shattered. Sick. Did i
read her wrong? The 0.1% chance of her thrill for power actually
completely shadowed her love for me was just unfolding before my eyes.

I leaned on the balcony and couldn't find any words. It was unreal.
"Tell her ok and walk away." - i think. It's the only way.

I turn around and i first see the ankle bracelet falling gently on her
amazing feet. It's one of the most beautiful frames i had ever laid eyes
upon. I don't want this moment to end. It's like a fucking struggle to
break contact. I do eventually. I move my eyes up her leg, to her pussy,
imagining it wet and warm in those black thin pants. To her breasts
which she now showed with such confidence and comfort. And finally, to
her face. It was breathtaking. She looked so at peace with herself and
the universe. The wind, considered as the breath of nature, breath of
God in many mythologies, was softly blowing her in her recently washed
hair.

In her eyes there was love and there was pity. Pity for my suffering.
Love for me. And most of all, which was the result of these 2 and more,
love for Her. It was by far the most intense of these 3. This came with
a powerful shade of pride.

Pride that even when the suffering of a loved one was at stake, she
still chooses herself ❤️. That all her lifetime's suffering and
thousands of times when she chose others over herself, finally came to
an end. And what an end, a climax.

Cause if she could do it now, in these circumstances, where the stake
felt absolute, then she will never lose this power ever again. Never
feel the pain of not doing it. This felt like it turned her on
immensely.

Did it just happen? The 0.1% percent is true. I just wanna fall on my
knees and adore her feet and presence. But i have to leave. She is the
most dangerous thing for me right now. I was never so afraid of
something. Not of dogs, of crashing with the bike, not of any physical
or emotional suffering i have ever experienced. The only times i felt
something similar is waking up in my childhood dreams thinking about
death.

"I promise i won't send you any feet pics while you're in Paris. 🥺❤️"

I felt like crying. I just imagined paris trip before my eyes and it was
filled with agony, of feeling miserable, like my life source had been
taken away from me. Worst, Paris trip embodied the symbol of the rest of
my life. Or for as long as she would like.

I got down to her legs and sexual chakra. There was no other choice.
"Hello

Heaven. How i've missed you."

A strange feeling was resting on the bottom of my heart. "How?". How can
10 years be completely eclipsed in 2 days?

This was followed by a hunch that she didn't properly understand what
i'm saying. That she's hearing the words, but they're reaching her ears
on a different emotional note.

So we kept talking..

She slowly started to understand. She got very emotional and just
realized what I had been through.

As she talked about her feelings and how things stand in her heart, it
felt like she slowly peeling away the agony, the fear. Layer by layer.

"Nu m-as bucura niciodata de suferinta ta.. 🥺"

..

"Mereu ai fost slabiciunea mea" 🥺

..

"My love was never denied."

..

This was a complete relief. I could breath again. Eat again.

More, it felt like it was also a symbol of my mother talking to me.
Relieving little Raul's heart of this burden.

It was amazing. Curiously, Her body and energy weren't changed. I still
wanted, perhaps even more, to adore her every inch and breath. But it
was without the pain. Without the fear.

We went inside. It was still hard tho to stop kissing her feet in the
bed. But there it was, the spot which sexually connects to center of her
being. So warm, wet, so filled with my adoration. I began discovering
it, it was as if i never saw it before, never breathed it's scent, never
tasted it. It became clear how shallow past oral experiences had been
and how this is what emotionally and spiritually this should feel like.
It felt more of making love to her pussy than licking it.

I wanted so bad to make love to her and be inside this very being that
served as a symbol of love and life in the past days.

I was also nervous, nervous that i wouldn't stay hard, of how she'd want
me to fuck her in certain ways and positions i wouldn't want to, pull
her hair, choke her, and so on. And most of all i think, of what would
her reaction be if i didn't get hard. How it would ruin everything. Like
it did so many times in my life.

This thought was so spiritually fueled that of course, it happened.

"Fuuck, i can't believe this is happening, not now pleasee." - i think
desperately. I started to panic, i was no longer enjoying the moment. I
became anxious, a wave of tension manifested in my whole body.

If there is a lesson i've learned it's that the more you try fighting
the natural flow of the universe, the more it reminds you how powerless
you are. Just like 2 people floating in the same river. One against the
flow of the water, putting in so much effort into overcoming it, and the
other, with it. It is just a question of time until the first one
realizes his inability.

A beautiful thing happened.

Her energy of affection was so great that it overcame mine. What if the
process of giving yourself completely to her is so she has the power to
help you overcome your fears?❤️ And not to create them?

"Sa stii ca acum nu te-as pune sa ma futi cu dildou daca nu poti tu." -
as she hugs me gently.

This hit me hard. It became clear now, her true love. My mother's love.
It was like my body and spirit exhaled and finally relaxed 28 years of
repressed pain and fear. Fear that my mother's love and any woman's love
was conditioned, and even more, conditioned by my suffering.

I now Felt safe. Loved Unconditionally.

I experienced, for the first time in my life, a genuine sexual
connection to another woman. It went on for hours. Our bodies and
spirits in front of each-others. So vulnerable. Showing for the first
time their most true nature and in the same time discovering the
other's.

Like 2 fragile animals, who stood hidden all their life, and are now
glancing at each other from distance. Approaching with tiny little steps
towards each other. "Will you hurt me, judge me?" - they both think. As
they come closer to each-other, they start touching. Gently. Afraid of
the reaction. Of

Judgement. Or accept me? They both react so positively that their
instinct slowly starts to let it all out. Expose themself completely to
each-other.

My love towards certain parts of your body and mind seem to overcome
your insecurities about them.

Your love towards certain parts of mine definitely overcome my
insecurities about them.

Is this what "dominating" someone means? When the very essence of it
it's genuine love? This is amazing!

Since the words i put down are acting as a tool for self-discovery and
re-integrating the flow of the universe in myself, what unfolded for the
rest of the night serves no purpose towards this end. It felt in
complete synchronicity with the flow of the universe. 🙏

Revelations.

Emotion is now clear&connected to the past. The pain feels as little
Raul, bebe Raul, crying and not even able to put in it words. "Nu ma
lasa singur mamii 😭😭😭 mamiii te rog nu pleca 😭😭😭".

In Alan Watts funny voice

"If you don't wanna play, don't play the game then. Once you see the all
the drama which you created, the choice emerges. Play.. or not play.

It only becomes real when it really fools the audience."

The desperate emerges. He is actually buying so deeply and naively the
play, that he is actually hurt. Soooo hurt.

So he masturbates and feels absolute pleasure thinking about that very
thing that he is living.

King: Thats the whole part of the play. To make you believe the emotions
are real. So that the pleasure is real.

That is why i chose lavinia, who's love IS REAL. He does not see it and
is in complete agony because of it. Cause i can play safely.

I see the purpose of this whole creation to be to either masturbate or
fuck.

I need to be able to fuck her whenever i want to for a healthy. Sa pun
toata fantezia asta impreuna cu durerea de aseara intro pula demna de
zei. Pentu placerea Mea.

What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for
dying.

KING - you cannot always be in extreme KING and WARRIOR energy. But its
all there. Sleeping. Protecting you.

Thought - weed feels like an anchor to desperate energy.

pelicanu feels like an anchor to the opposite.

One of Most intense nights ever, similar to Ariana on bozanu's birthday.

Waves of absolute agony turned into the illusions of absolute pleasure
for a few moments.

Other men fantasies are a ultimate manifestation of denying her love.
The experience is intensified by not only denying it, but seeing OTHER
men receive it.

The true great power is actually in you, my friend, not in her. Feel it.

Feel the flow of power as its generated in you and only then given to
her.

On most deep level, she is doing what she wants because you actually
give her the power to.

If everything you have would come to a stop, she would have far more to
lose than you. You chose her, and not the other way around.

Therefore, you can play. You can fully associate with this extreme
fantasies and play with em. But know there is a KING in you. A WARRIOR.
And together they have built the life you wanted and craved. Fought for
it, climbed, pushed, cried, forged your life's purpose. This power will
never leave your spirit. The power of a thousand generations. Who have
died, perpetuated life and embraced their destiny. Their power, from
beginning of the universe and life, is in YOU.

So you, my friend, are merely playing with the illusion that you are
giving it away. On a superficial level as time, money, words, lust,
adoration, sex. On a core level you stand unshaken.

You are merely playing the role of the desperate. Who would go as far as
dying. But he alone stands as a shadow before the KING. While the King
creates the illusion. The play. So therefore, the illusion of the play
is hidden in desperate's emotions. Just as it is in Hindu's mythology.

Create the illusion of the play by making the emotions real, and so,
feeling that it is not all an act. But actually taking it seriously.

Ea la nivel de subconstient simte asta. So her question arised "is your
revelation gonna discredit the power im feeling?".

But the KING watches, navigates. You are safe. He makes sure you are
precisely following the path of your destiny.

So then, applied to your mother. She, as well has only as much power as
you give her. Power over you and power over your state of feeling. All..
some.. or None.

"daca ma mai intrerupi o singura data, am plecat acasa si mai vorbim
cand intelegi ca pentru mine e o forma de respect si iubire sa fiu
ascultat si neintrerupt."

31 August -

Instinct man. It came back. The place where are all the answers.

Diferenta clara intre Lavinia ❤️ si Ariana e ca acum chiar traiesc
fantezia. De ce mai simt durere?

Cred ca de la variatia fanteziei inspre extrem. Moarte. Human toilet,
etc.

which symbolize making it about denying your most extreme pleasure. And
no longer about her desires and adoration.

So these could perhaps be boundaries set by the KING. 🙏

As long as the fantasy does not deny the fantasy itself, i think its
amazing and healthy.

Talk with lavinia about other men. One of the highest spikes of sexual
energy is felt when i message her multiple times and them keep checking
her activity.

Efectiv riding home and keep checking her activity. The more time the
more powerful the sensations.

Would telling her about this ruin it ? Like then she not feeling it and
doing it on purpose would mess it all?

Except she only does what she most deeply feels. So connected to the
goddess inside her that i couldnt do or say anything to change this.

If she answers, i am absolutely amazed at what she says or react. Heaven

If she ignores and doesn't answer, heaven x 10

King says its healthy to do it and give in fully as long as if shed have
to ultimately choose between you 2, she unhesitatingly chooses you.

Else, the energy becomes death. Hell

Total opposite. At a spiritual level, your souls are not connected
anymore. They are not experiencing this whole thing symbiotically.
Because you deeply feel other purpose in life than sacrifice.

Examplu i-am scris cu toata dragostea si adorarea si mi-a raspuns
neinvestit la 19:20, in timp ce la ala de pe whats app ia raspuns la
19:17, sper din suflet ca investit.

Cum a fost mai important sa-i raspunda lui primu, un strain care vrea so
futa.

(Felu universului cum ala a fost ultimu mesaj si am putut intelege asta
❤️)

Sau cum i-am scris pe fb, n-a raspuns mult stimp si am intrat sa vad pe

whats app. Era online si la un moment dat imi da forward la 2 mesaje ce
tocmai i le trimisese unul. Deci nu numai ca mia ignorat complet
mesajele mele cu iubire, ci a simtit sami arate cum se da altu la ea,
care merita atentia ei mai mult decat mine. Continuand dupa sa-mi ignore
mesajele si pe whats app, aparand Online, god I hope talking to that
guy. Am simtit adorare absoluta in tot corpul pana efectiv la punctul de
rau.

Exemplu: ignorat mesaje de o ora in care o ador. Plimbamdu-ma prin vivo
ma lovit vibe-ul de a o vedea la cafea cu altul. Flirtand. Iarasi valuri
de extaz.

Premonitia ca e aici cu alt barbat. Dar ceva nu era clar. Se simtea ca e
o parte egoista in premonitia asta, cum imi imaginez eu. Turns out
premonitia era adevarata, mai putin partea cu barbatu.

Ar putea fi un simbol al devotamentului absolut. Al adorarii absolute,
precum adorarea religie si simbolurile devotamentului.

Like faith and devotion even when its not what you want.

------

Talk with pelicanu took a big weight off shoulders. He encouraged me to
give in.

Allow the fantasies and desired to come out and burn as bright as they
naturally want to.

Only then you will understand and integrate everything.

Gandeste-te cat de mult ai tanjit sa traiesti asta, cat de multe ai
incercat, cat efectiv iti venea sa plangi de dorinta.

He doesn't think you're less of a man.

Gandeste-te la imparati romani cu tot felu de fantezii, gay etc. Din
contra, te face mai barbat pt ca ai curaj sa le traiesti.

Morning with her. Woke up holding her little goddess finger.

She forbidden me to masturbate. Had blue balls for bad. She asked to see
me. Went there. Gave me 5 minutes with her. I adored her feet, hand,
pussy. Then left.

Got home and eventually felt complete wish to surrender.

30 August -

Talked to her about below. Felt like great depressure. Then i drove to
the doctor and waited for her so she wouldn't have to think about
parking spot and stuff.

After i cleaned her she got into a different state of energy. Of me
fucking her. This feeling turned me off, to the point of completely
losing my erection when she asked I lick her nipples. I was 80%
pretending to enjoy it. (King: dont pretend).

Getting back to her pussy and licking it felt between worlds. Somewhat
confusing, somewhat turn on, somewhat uncomfortable and wanting it to
end.

Fucking her with the dildo again felt between worlds.

When i pulled it out and saw it covered in her cum, a feeling of wanting
it to end clearly emerged. Now after 10 minutes of chilling that image
of cum covered dildo again feels between worlds. (Same with her
panties). Im sure that eventually it will get to a huge turn on.

Here, i was afraid she'd ask me to lick it and i had to pretend i liked
it. (King: this is where you're wrong, you don't have to pretend
anything)

I attracted the end through her feeling pain and wanting it to stop.

Asteptand in fata scarii cand iam zis" am ajuns regina mea imi spui tu
cand sa sun" - si ea sia blocat telefonul si a continuat sa se uite la
friends. - WOW

She knows that I'm waiting to see her, at anytime she wants, if she
wants. Again, in my love language it means i love you. Besides the pain
from past experiences, i also feel great love as waiting, joy. That i am
loved. I could wait anytime.. i will wait anytime.

The thought of while I'm waiting for her, her to cancel and go out with
another man. This would hurt me right now cause of past memories but
would turn me on greatly if i step back from the past Ariana trauma and
see it as absolute love in my love language.

Stop planning, stop imagining. You are amazing. Not aware yet of the
peace and beauty in life when surrendering is achieve. Trust in the
unfolding of the universe.

Anything she says or does is an infinite times more sexy than would my
mind could ever imagine or fantasize about. Her bucket list, dirty feet
in hammock, fucking a guy in the car while i watch out for other ppl,
etc.

Asta pentru ca dorinta vine din centrul ei si e despre placerea ei.

KING. I turned back for the keys to Father. I turned back to clean my
shoes. The principles echos strong and clearly in my core.

Edamame train of thoughts and feelings. When i ask her about the edamame
rolls left overs, if she said yes i couldn't give her those. I would
have went and bought new ones, fresh, as good as possible ❤️.

In this love language, her not answering IS just as she'd say "i love
you.". I love you too.

Fantasizing about her talking/being with other man. It turns me on so
bad because its what she wants, not what i want. It would not be an
empty fantasy for me.

And carrying it out.. it is still a manifestation of love from a person
who cares deeply about myself.

The fact that it turns her on JUST as much as it turns me ON it might be
the way to experience this healthy. After putting her pleasure on the
1st place, she wished that her ignoring me would make me feel just as
good as she did.

You are not truly hurt and ignored, nor denied love. But it is given to
you and felt in complete reciprocity by her. Therefore, it is not truly
toxic.

But because you fantasized about the pain so much, on a superficial
level it feels like it. And it comes with the past times negative
emotions. Dissociate it. Embrace it together with this person. Let it
unfold on the foundation of mutual caring and love.

Therefore, the pleasure is not on the masturbation itself, but in every
moment, just as much.

feels like 20 years worth of repressed libido energy all emerging to
life at once. My focus keeps circling back to this.

a rational talk with Lavinia ❤️ is needed. Establish boundaries and
current direction.

120 pull-ups workout. Started raining. Didnt stop me. Unshaken i did it.

28 August - it's time to experience the "darkness". Not fantasize it,
but experience it. Not playing with it, gently touching it. But
surrendering to it. Not HALF a dream.

Breaking up with Bi.. talked about my need to experience other women and
she couldn't come at peace with it.

Again, legea atractia la faza cu airbnb non-refundable. Adu-ti aminte ce
ai simtit atunci la nivel de instinct.

also la feelingul ca veti ajunge despartiti la munca

Lavinia ❤️: Buying her promotion in order to be adored and worshipped
felt the most intense sexual experience ever.

Sexually i want to be at her feet literally and physically, clean her,
adore her.

But it is guilt free. I am accepting this so thought darkness and
exploring it. Through her energy and our dynamic. It felt so intense and
right.

Alternating between deep emotional connection and absolute sexual
tension.

This might be a healthy way to live my fantasies. Might be the only way.

Sexting with her, most intense and real sext ever. A excitato si a zis
sa ma masturbez cu gandul la alea DUPA ce se intampla.

Cat de tare ca am avut sansa sa experimentez my absolute life needs:
love and sexual. In 2 femei diferite.

Guilt-free.

Sarea de mare. Coborand cu energia de - ma duc cu drag sa vad ce a
pregatit universul pt mine aici. Poate fi nimic, sau poate fi biluta de
sare cu lavanda. I welcome each variation with love.

Ludus with lavinia.

Most intense sexual experience of my life. The energy of adoring her and
being in her complete submission, cleaning her multiple times after she
peed, buying her stuff, spikes me to the center of my libido.

The vibe shaken for a while in time when i felt her submissive and me in
control. With her pussy exposed. But bounced back when she got back into
the Goddess energy.

27 August -

Legea Atractiei cu bila de sare.

Starting to feel like my self when with Bi.

Got down to mamami, created story, watched, talked to Lavinia, etc.

A sense of being myself even when we're together, not having my whole
energy and attention to her.

This is what a healthy relantionship feels like.

Same with Riding with her.

Meeting with Eduard - lighting his fire.

Inspired the man and showed great masculinity example.

" De ce vrei sa simti altceva decat simti acum?

Despite it, KING shows up and navigates."

"Imagineaza-ti cata putere ii dai altei persoane cand ii permiti sa te
faca sa te simti so spiked."

See TV series - the feeling of tribe, of belonging in a prime state
without vision.

I have everything i ever wanted.. pc bomba, motor, tatuaj, haine misto,
freza stil misto, bani, libertate cat incape, relatie misto cu a mei,
relatie dragoste cu B si interactiuni fucking asesome cu alti oameni si
femei. Good job, my friend.

Realization of Bubu's life's ideology.

Believe with whole being his desired outcome, unshaken. Then, if
different, full acceptance like it was natural to unfold this way from
the very beginning.

26 August -

Deep realization: Riding becomes enjoyable when there is no one putting
pressure on how it should be done. Free of pressure. The same applies to
women

LBP - triggered by a few seconds of exposure/activation?

Left shoulder pain - triggered by tight shirt + exercises?

Intra in stare alfa, cheamati stomacul

In fata ta si vorbeste cu el.

Neindemanatic - result of impatient + fear of fail?

Warrior - appears more naturally in proper circumstances, it makes sense
why at home-like env he is at ease.

Energia sexuala - the king can choose how it is expressed- through what
path. Love or submission.

25 August - returning to the office in solidarity. Felt slight to no
pain in 8 hours. Neither chased releases.

Being back in this place with all it's anchors and memories made me
deeply realize of the progress i've made. From having people not
recognize me to me looking back, I stood there today like a complete
different man. In my eyes, before all others.

I felt like i am the most coo guy in the fucking office.

The power in my voice, confidence in my vibe and strength in my body.. a
true man.

24 August -

KING regarding seeing her naked in the kitchen and feeling uncomfortable
big time:

You do not have to look at her, kiss her or do anything towards her. You
do them when she's dressed and you feel like it.

Therapy session:

Its clear that the sexual fantasies don't come from a healthy space. You
already know this.

But Cristina brought to light is that you can re-wire your brain to
fantasize about something healthy. Of course, at first its not gonna
feel as enjoyable, but it is a process. It can get there eventually.

List of values in the order you gave them up:

23 August - Me playing all day with Ralph hearing me - cycle completes
with Ralph taking my place and Ingrid his.

100 pull ups. Piece of cake.

20 August - it's time to take a break from smoking. For now, it has
achieved it's purpose. Deep revelations and inner reflections using weed
took me a step forward in my spiritual path.

But now, most of the time, it is done outside this purpose, through
routine.

It definitely affects my breathing and very likely digestive track as
well + body inflammation.

Because of this, Not smoking works as a catalyst to FP practice, Wim
Hof, meditations and so on.

As Alan Watts said, psychedelics as an instrument.

19 August - got into this loop of eating inflammatory
food-\>smoke-\>masturbate-\>stay in house all day.

It gets me on this such high alert state that i wanna escape
paradoxically through the same things that got me here.

(Sympathetic nervous system)

openly disussing with B anout my sexual and inner feelings made a
complete turn-around. I once again feel so in love with her.

18 August -

Confrontation with the dog which felt like a great warrior's spirit. Raw
strength, courage. Shi tzun.

---combining domination fantasy with love. Masturbating thinking of
mimi, of we being in love while she flirts and fucks other men, me
included. - b

17 August -

Kali:

Walked in at 11:11.

Puterea ta de atractie este imensa.

When you will deeply realize this, you will unlock your true potential.

Your mission now is to set boundaries. Express your identity. Especially
sexually.

Death is the only certainty.

Your spirit is to awake other people's fire.

Lifetime mission: cunoastere.

Relatia cu bi might have as purpose cunoastere, nu full commitment.

Keep 100% with Bi, if she wants to she'll follow. Do not leave your
natural frame.

Her current frame is reflecting

Thailand - no postponing.

Sexual

----

Your sexual energy is dynamic.

You seek psychological domination, not physical. For only then you are
no longer in control of your thoughts, obsessed by them. Only them you
really stop thinking.

There are women who you can have a relationship and who can dominate you
in bed. And together share this dance of healing in which you both reach
equilibrium as/or your masculinity emerges.

Dominatorul din tine nu iese cand vrea ea, nu face ce vrea ea. Ci cand
vrei tu.

Ii face ce vrea el. "Nu-ti misca capul".

Your imagination is endless. Of course its uncomfortable to randomly
saueeze her neck, think about when to hit/slap her, how to do that.
You're still in feminine. And it's submissive energy on top of
submissive energy. Feels so wrong.

Steven - the english man washing in the church and sleeping in hotel
receptions.

Road back home: 4h trip without stopping nor moving around too much-
started with slow lbp but relaxing and listening to some violin
completely made it go away. I now sit in relaxation and patience, more
at peace then i ever was in a road trip before the pain era.

16 August -

Sold car

Kali:

Care este scopul meu in viata?

What do i keep running from?

Ce inseamna iubirea pentru mine si unde o gasesc?

Relatia cu bi?

Plecarea in thailanda?

Sexual life in relationships?

Meeting with Bi felt empty.

She kept doing stuff which reminds me of B.

I felt the trigger to kiss her in order to prove i'm good enough, but i
withheld it.

Awesome interactions with ppl. Slight trigger but KING navigates it
accordingly.

Sex life:

I dont like bi's sex face when i dominate her or when she surrenders. It
makes me feel uncomfortable and turns me off.

Her pussy.. most pussies makes me feel uncomfortable in submissive
energy.

Even her breasts make me feel uncomfortable in that situation.

In other vibes they can turn me on reaally bad. Same as the rest of her
body.

15 August - Jung on life after death. Role of mysticism and dreams. As
hints to build a story upon. By instinct not rational thought.

Brasov. 2042 cod

Its fine whatever you feel with Bi. All sorts of emotions and thoughts.
She is probably more nervous than you are.

Confirmed-lbp triggers from activation

Around l4-s1. Slow violin and sit with it.

(Bending

Half-love Bianca? No, my friend. You only started to half-love when you
no longer truly felt you want to be with her. Rest easy. Explore. See
and do whatever you want to do. Tell her when you feel to.

14 August - frica de respingere si de a cere ce vreau si ce NU vreau de
la Bi sexual.

Ba nu ma excita sa te ranesc. Ma excita sa simt dragoste si tandrete din
partea ta si asta vreau sa simt acum.

13 August -

Sex talk with Peli-

Aduci in discutie o experienta traumatizanta apoi ii zic eu de a meaz.
Si cum ca inca o am la un anumit nivel.

O futi cum vrei tu, nu cum crezi ca vrea ea.

E cel mai fain moment sa faci, cum iasa asa iasa.

Fii egoist, cel putin niciodata. Conecteaza-te cu tine si cerei exact ce
vrei, nu din cap, but from your true self.

really low energy cause of this weed or cause of Bi? Test not smoking.

i feel really attracted to brasov Bi.

Rezervorul de iubire feels full and things with B don't feel so right
anymore.

Bi is amazing tho, one of the sexiest ass, legs, feet, face, boobs, ive
ever seen.

Her face and energy feels so amazing to wake up to.

Life values that i'm looking in my other half start to come up: spirit
of adventure, loving life&work&nature

11 August - The urge to talk to other women. Sluxy and Bi turn me on
really bad. I would fucking just get in my car and go see them.
Experience them.

I am confused regarding what to do and what do i feel. Would i feel
guilty for doing it? To what extent?

Would i feel bad for not doing it?

Is this a form of the half-love concept?

Or is it that in my true nature, i don't truly feel that i want to be
with B the rest of my life, and therefore i want more exploration?

Narcii shows up the moment i stop looking her in vivo. But really stop,
and not stop looking so that i find her.

Andrew Huberman - looking up at the ceiling to gain wakefulness

10 August - Transilvania healing center.

20 days commitment to:

Food - elimination diet

Last meal 19 pm

Supplements accordingly

No coffee

Smoke max 1x joint a day

Small to medium meal size portions

9 august - talked about my sex life

wow she has absolutely amazing feet.

8 August - would i not cheat on Bi because i am afraid of the divinity?

observing the urge to smoke when emotionally spiked. Both positively and
negatively. Mostly positively tho.

7 August - the 5 languages of love: physical, time in 2, cadouri,
servicii si declaratii.

6 August - after feeling like i was with the foot on the gas in the last
days, always running from experience to experience, it got overwhelming.
I went at my fathers house. Listened to relaxing violin and read. I
immediately fell into a great state of peace and quietness.

I keep closing my eyes and seeing Bi's blue eyes as she looks at me.

5 August - making a fire for her + boiling water for her - how it felt.
The taking care of this angel vibe. Amazing. Like there isn't anything
else in the world i'd rather do at that moment.

4 August - the sex. I had huge expectations despite trying to convince
myself not to hang on to any.

Whole day i was in a trigger.

As i undressed her, the pressure and overt-thinking manifested.
Extremely similar to as when i was 20 years.

I was putting so much energy and thought into not losing the erection,
meaning that her expectations won't be matched, that i lost it. Of
course..

When fucking her, my energy was regarding how she'd like to be fucked,
what do to now, what about now, how hard should i squeeze her. All my
sex traumas all over again.

KING:

emotional blocks

3 August - going to belis as 2 couples. With my best friend and a girl i
truly like. Life........

2 August - worked until 3:30 am to keep my word. Got rewarded for it.
Both spiritually and financially.

1 August -

Lost ring, airpods and keys.

Its ok. Nobody is mad at you. You're human make mistakes. Maybe its
because of working too much or maybe because of B. Good job btw for
making 30x more the amount you lost.

Reframe:

1\. bought a lot of awesome new fucking rings and accesories. + one for
peli.

Gonna get better ones, i deserve them. Listening to audiobooks and music
will feel more enjoyable.

Courage to speak the truth directly and not sugarcoat it and hide like
before. assume if any consequences.

".. Lose.. and never breath a word about your loss. Complete
acceptance."

Reflecting alice experience and b, it was indeed a combination of
falling in love with the fear of losing it. Take out the fear. How does
it feel like? Like B.

Manifestation of the yexport concept. Gone so wrong just cause i
manifested it.

31 jul - allowing full authenticity with b. I dreamt my mother died as i
fell asleep in her arms. The symbolical death of my mother. For my
unconsciousness felt the string of pure love i have with my mother in B
tonight. Her caring and affectionate energy made me feel safe. Loved. I
woke up with the relief that the heavy and which eventually became toxic
string, had finally been resolved.

car training with peli pussy cox

Connection with Flo

30 jul - pussy massage

Organic massage oil.

Talk to her, "tonight is about you babe".

Light candles, play some relaxing music.

Presence of the hands

Guide her through breathing, hand on her heart.

Gently massage around her boobs and pussy.

Gentle, loving massage with Illuminati technique. Start besides, then
outside pussy lips, then the lips. Then using only one or two finger,
really slowly feathering on the lips. Work your way up to clit. Then
whole palm to pussy and the other one to heart.

Place your hand below her belly and slide the other hand up the pussy.
Allow your fingers to take shape of the pussy.

Entering internally. Massage the entrance of the vagina with one finger.
As soft as you can. "Hey, I got you. I know, just relax and enjoy. There
no where to be, nothing to do, just be here with me." She is starting to
move. Don't put her finger in, allow her body to starts moving towards
your finger. She starts fucking herself. Then push your finger fully
into her pussy. And Hold.

Start moving and explore her pussy. Attention is on your hand. Then
experiment with 2 fingers. Orgasm

Whole Hand again on her pussy and heart.

Pussy eating- its a journey

Start from outside her pussy. Clit is the desert.

Encourage her about her pussy.

Feel like a kid again, play, explore. Not rushing.

Steps:

Warm up the inside of her thighs

Kissing the outer lips, then inside of her lips. Start sucking on her
lips. Running your tongue really gently on her lips.

Watch her reaction. Start putting your tongue inside her.

Slowly finally move to the clit. Play with it.

Long strokes over the whole clit.

Presence to the pussy.

Lock your tongue under her clit and top lip over it. Start sucking it.
Positive reinforcement.

Put your finger in your mouth and put in inside her, continuing with the
clit sucking.

After orgasm, have your hand over her pussy and heart.

28 jul - pull with B

Reading what turns her on felt so naturally and easy.

26 jul - the reciprocity starts to integrates naturally as a filter for
girls.

I feel really attracted when she shows interest and really turned off
when she doesn't.

After 28 years.. well done, my friend.

22 jul - Ariana called. We met.

She just moved in with her boyfriend. She looks unhappy. Embracing a
life out of guilt and social pressure.

She was still one of the most beautiful beings i had ever seen.

She laughed, got emotional, gave her my hoodie. I leaned in to kiss her.
Didn't stop this time. She leaned away. She Got a little uncomfortable.
Eu m-am descarcat. I didn't actually feel anything. Just the KING going
for what he wants.

(Read 15 jul)

19 jul - oral - simte ce-i place si ei

Analogia cu 2 butoane. Apesi pe ala carei place. Keep pressin it

Pussy massage - dilatare

Exemplu rutina pozitie care nu iesi din ea

Capra-\> ii pun mana pe gat si ii soptesc intindete -\> o apuc tare de
sold drept si o trag sa cadem intr-o parte

Ii las picioarele jos si bag mana sub ele, le ridic si o intorc spre
mine. Contact mai adanc si deep. -\> ii pun picioarele in L si apoi ii
las piciorul drept jos si o intorc in misionar

E important sa te simti tu bine inprimul rand, orgasmul ei de acolo
vine. Chiar si daca stai 10 sec intr-o pozitie.

Stretching coaie

Duci respiratia in perineu, intre buric si coaie, si in timp ce respiri,
faci aceleasi contractii ca si atunci cand tragi o basina

Femeile care spun ca nu le place sa vorbeasca in timpul sexului, nu au
intalnit barbati care stiu sa o faca.

Multa autenticitate, ii spui ce simti, o pushuiesti sa vorbeasca.

Exemplu:

Te apropii de ureche, o intrebi "iti place? Cat de mult?". Apoi iesi din
ea. "Cat de mult o vrei?"

"Zi cum ma cheama. Mai tare"

Ele se simt atat de bine si they give into such surrendering and
submission that its amazing.

Un act sexual este exact ca un set in game. Push-pull

Imi pedepsesc propriul corp ca a vrut sa se termine repede wtf dude?

Sexual way of "when in doubt, state the obvious." Daca ai o presiune,
discuta cu ea. scoateo afara. Mie frica ca no sa mi se scoale.

18 jul - As bi called and the string of love was once again connected,
the void disappeared. A feeling of wholeness and peace persists
throughout my body. And spirit.

Falling asleep in a long regression. The love of my mother expressed in
her 2 personalities.

Personality no 1 - gentle, caring, affectionate

Personality no 2 - denying love, and even more so punishing me.

The 2 sides of the same coin.

Ariana was the first one to tap into. She resembled how personality no2
made me feel. And that was love for me.

Lavinia, diana and lastly, Bi, they all resembled more or less
personality no 1. With Bi, until it stopped. The coin flipped. A huge
void was left instead of the energy manifested by falling in love.

"Your mother never denied love. It is all an illusion, a fabric of your
mind. She loved and loves you through personality no1, more than she can
physically express.

Other women might, but it is for you to decide who you trust with the
coin of love."

17 jul 2022 --

As bi met with Ciupe talking about the idea of seeing a movie,
experiencing a manifestation of love, i am sitting at my father's house,
alone.

I would not want to be anywhere else in the world, but here, with
myself.

The feelings are overwhelming. They flow throughout my whole body and
spirit. I am in love with her and every cell of my body wants to be the
one with her. After 15 years i feel love again, only to be denied by
fate.

At the same time, i feel a great joy and wholeness. Ciupe is
experiencing love without having to go through 15 years of fight and
struggle. Of fear, pain, running, praying, questioning my whole life's
purpose.

The teacher's role is over. It is complete.

My apprentice is living what I, 15 years ago, craved from the center of
my being. To see a movie with Ariana. Together. Why, a movie? Because it
is a symbol that you wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world for
a while. Or in time. You feel safe. Connected to the other one.

He doesn't know the mountains of pain and struggle. I showed him the
way, and more so, walked it together.

At the end of the road, there was a light, that could fill the void in
both of them. What the teacher (I) has been searching for his whole
life, worked his whole life for. And what the student craved with his
spirit but was too afraid to get it alone. Didn't know how to.

But there was a catch. Only one of them could experience it. The young
apprentice threw himself at it without hesitation, completely abandoning
his master, as well as his friend. He stumbled across a stone and fell
just a few meters before.

The teacher approached it. He stared into the light for a while,
weighing his decision. How could he step into it and leave his student
alone on the heavy road without a map nor guidance?

But how could he not take the chance to transcend through love? He may
not find it again. Therefore, he had to choose between enlightenment as
an individual or enlightenment as a teacher.

His fingertips were inches away from touching the light. He could smell
it's scent. But then, he looked back at the student as he was getting
up. The young man was blinded by his desire to reach it.

He could no longer see the old man, but the old man could see him, clear
as the sky.

The student started running again towards it. With all of his power, the
master withheld from giving in and touching the light. "You will not go
through what i went through. That is my life's purpose, my son. Even if
you will never know about the sacrifice i have made.".

He sacrificed himself. Watched the student go into the light and
disappear right before his eyes. "If only he knew what i did for him, if
only he knew i chose him over myself. Then, it would bearable. But he's
so ignorant of it." - he kept repeating in his mind.

The old man was once again alone. He cried of both sorrow and joy.
Sorrow, because his student, was living what he craved for a lifetime.
And joy, because his teachings were complete.

His student will never live the curse which destiny had laid on the old
man. The endless void and fight. And the loneliness which surrounds
them.

The river of tears washed down from the mountains a breathtaking
revelation. The mountains to which the Pueblo Indians refer to as the
center of the unconsciousness of life.

"How can one not see that all life comes from the mountains? It's so
obvious." - the elders used to say.

This revelation made the old man fall onto his knees. It was that many
years ago, he was the student. And his father was the master who
sacrificed. So that he would not go through the same hurtful and hard
path.

Only the light was different. It was not enlightenment through love, but
through wealth.

His father, before him, dedicated his whole life so that his son would
not share the same faith. His greatest life problem, solved, so that
future generations would not have to solve it again. To fill the
spiritual void in the name of the father-son symbol.

The old man realized his ignorance towards his father's sacrifice.

He found purpose and strength of generations, each father passing the
teachings of a lifetime to his son. The circle felt complete. He rose
and started walking, forging a new path from what felt to be the end of
the road.

He will find love again. 🙏

-------

Big trigger as ciupe tells me about meeting with Bi. I wish i was the
one experiencing it. Not only being denied but seeing another taste from
your ecstasy.

Relatia cu ciupe- tata fiu?

A son to which you will give your life lessons to so that he will not
have to go through the pains and sorrows you went through.

He will not know them, therefore he will not realize and appreciate the
guiding. But you'll know. Unconditioned love.

**16 July 2022 -**

Funny how I am in a constant trigger about Bi and now more intense,
Alice. This void when i'm not with her, void of not knowing whats gonna
happen. Are these the butterflies people write about? I felt this before
with Ariana. Same feeling in the body, but different context. With Alice
the attraction is mutual. Does she feel the void too? Is this what
falling in love feels like?

I think its falling in love in combination with the fear of the other
person not giving in. Which would stop me from falling in love, and i
don't want it to stop, its the best feeling i ever experienced.

So when Alice felt cold, it threatened the falling in love to stop. To
end. The highest form of ecstasy, now experiencing it for the first time
in my life in reciprocity, to end after merely a fraction of time.

The greatest pain disperatu can experience is feeling rejection and
clinging on the hope and string that there is still a chance. This
constant soul eating fear which eventually collapses into a devastating
rejection.

KING: It is a very powerful feeling indeed.

**Hello, my friend**. Its been a long time. Welcome. I embrace you, with
your elevated heartbeat, your black void in my stomach and chest, your
pain in the center of my being.

You are still a manifestation of life. No less than any other state.

I named you "Proof that God exists" many years ago. But is it more a
proof than the sun, or a child's laughter?

I invite you to flow throughout all of my body, my soul, my spirit.
Flow. But I will flow with you. And you will bend to my will.

For I am not a part of you, but you are a part of me. And you will no
longer wander in the realms of suffering alone. But we will walk
together and find it again and again the ecstasy of falling in love. And
with it, the inescapable pain of losing it. But we will no longer fear
the thought of losing it. Nor cling on imaginary hopes and strings.

I will fully embrace the experience of falling in love and i will fully
embrace the pain of losing it. And never again walk the line between
them.

Allow the universe to unfold before you. Unfold together with it. The
possibility of Alice being there at 23:30 is not happening to you, but
with you. You are part or it. The goal is not to avoid the pain if she's
not there. More specifically, to split the possibility into 2, either
complete ecstasy or nothing. That is silly. But the goal is to accept
whatever happens.

15 July -

A feeling of love and purpose towards life persisted across the whole
day, until Alice felt like was rejecting me. Then it completely flipped.
A feeling of fear and void persisted. At an intensity 10x higher than
below release.

Reflectand pe reactie lui Alice de "ti-am spus ca fac yoga-\>am
telescop".

Presumption -\> forma de respingere de la cineva care imi indeplineste
nevoia de afectiune. Instant s-a activat disperatul.

La nivel obiectiv, a fost o forma de tachinare pa care eu am
interpretato ca respingere si pierderea ei. Pierderea afectiunii care
curge din ea spre mine. Si invers.

Am anticipato. Energia disperatului era deja triggeruita de cand am pus
intrebarea. It could have went from rejection's pain to validation's
ecstasy, depending on her answer.

Pentru Disperat, bad reaction meant complete rejection. So it activated
to desperately justify. "Im a pt bla bla bla.. THAts why i asked please
understand and don't reject me". 😂😂

The desperate hangs tightly on the other persons reactions.

KING's input on dealing with this in the future:

1st step: Recognize it.

2nd: Feel it. Do not hide it nor fall into his ways.

3rd: Embrace it. "There is this painful emotion in me. This void. I will
not give in into it's mechanisms. But i will overcome them, through
KINGs ways, together.

The king did not start justifying on Alice's bad reaction. He laughed,
teased back.

The KING.. He did not stop leaning in to kiss Ariana that night.
Regardless of her reaction.

\> Be aware of the KING doing it(no pressure) and the desperate doing it
forced by parintele exigent (great fear and pressure).

14 July -

Clearly ending things with Bi for Alice - and never breath a word about
your loss.

The true opposite of an emotion is the contrast of feeling it at a high
intensity and not feeling it at all.

13 July -

Povestea cu Bi Concluzie:

\*later edit\*: "Concluzie 1 😂, there are more to come"

Consecintele neasumarii complete. (Going out with Alice)

Cristina session:

Scheme:

Disperatul: Not god enough si validare

Revoltatul: supracompensare la subjugare

Lasul: evitare

(Copilul impulsiv)

P. Exigent: perfectionism, "supracompensare la not good enough"

Fricosul:

King: scop indeplinire nevoi copil si sa puna limite ceorlalte.

Gaseste coping sanatos.

10 July -

There is great power in silence. (Alice's vibe and other men in fiveM
example)

1\. Cand ma jucam dota erau jocuri care contau si care nu. Asociez asta
cu seturile care le fac simply for fun si cele de la care chiar vreau
ceva.

De jocurile care nu contau, doar ma bucuram si la fel fac si cu seturile
de fun.

Dar in jocurile competitive, cand jucam pt bani si stakes were high,
aveam emotii. Frica ca nu sunt bun si dau fail. La fel e si in seturile
care imi plac, aceeasi emotie in corp. Diferenta e ca la dota, emotia
aia o transformam in motivatie, dadeam tot ce puteam si daca dadeam
fail, eram driven sa vad ce am gresit si sa ma imbunatatesc. Eram eager
to try again.

Now, asta la tipe nu e asa. Cu ele in timpul interactiunii, emotia se
transforma in frica de not good enough. Si in cazul unui fail, ramane o
usoare dezamagire si presiune care merge in urmatorul set.

Cum fac sa shift-uiesc view-ul de la dota si la interactiunea cu
oamenii/femeile? Ma refer la nivel rational si integrare

9 July -

The short talk with my mom which triggered her need to be in control
when i made a logical change of plans. For me, it triggered in the form
of my fear of rejection, the actual rejection not the anticipation. This
is women interactions specific, even more so, mom.

It is the same emotion as when she screamed, made me do homework, hit
me. That pain starts to co-exist with pleasure, higher the pain the
higher the absolute pleasure and horniness. And i experience the one i
am anchored to.

Therefore, by heart and reason i feel pain. And anchored in libido
energy i feel pleasure.

Mom example: mom screaming and hitting me about school. Brutally
rejecting my core and punishing me for it, only to force me to obey to
her wishes.

Ariana example telling me about other men, not only manifesting her
rejection of me, but also rubbing it in my face. Complete abandonment of
my desires for hers. I could choose to feel one of the 2:

A. Mountains of pain by heart, so high that they would overcome the will
to live sometimes.

B. Absolute pleasure and desire

I could only experience B by masturbating and once that was over, A
would hit hard.

Beginnings theory:

The libido energy started to slowly develop after 10. It began
manifesting in relationship with my mother. Especially in intimate and
high-emotional moments. These were her personality no1 showing love and
sacrifice and personality no2 screaming, hitting, dominating me.

So after enough development of the libido it started to come to life
through masturbation. I remember one fantasy being about my mother
forcing me down at her boots while my dad was driving, so we could pass
a border without them having to pay for me. But before reaching the
border, she decides that i'm not worth the struggle and simply orders me
to get out of the car and wait days for their return at that exact spot.

Some of the masturbations were free of fantasies. Interactions with
women until the age of 13 felt empty. My sexual drive and desires being
completely 0 when around them.

As my libido energy continued to develop, i started to get some slight
spikes when seeing certain parts of a woman's body.

I once glimpsed at Ariana's legs and feet in nylons at a 7 to 8th grade
summer party. I was completely overwhelmed. Its like something exploded
in my core and was running throughout my veins and every cell. I never
felt this before. I was aroused, drawn, obsessed with what she just
awoken in me. I hung around her for the rest of the night. I felt
completely in love. I knew she was not interested in me, i could sense
it. This caused me great suffering and it was getting worse each time i
was exposing myself to her.

One day she told me about another guy and she was disturbed because i
wasn't eager to listen. I ran home and suddenly, i knew there was a way
to transform this immense agony of pain in absolute pleasure. I
masturbated, fantasized about the exact feeling i was having, about her
desires overcoming mine at the cost of my being. This felt exactly like
dealing with my mother's no. 2 personality. It went on for about 12
years. There were moments where the suffering was so great that it
overcame the will to live.

This completely shadowed my mother's no. 1 personality and i was not
even aware of it, therefore i did not find it in any girl.

Adulthood came and my real sex life felt empty and unfulfilled in any
relationship. The fantasies have gotten really dark and I had no idea
how to deal with them.

Luckily, as i slowly descended into center of my being in the last 2
years through numerous emotional and spiritual journeys, things slowly
started to unravel and i discovered that my libido energy can also be
directed to making love and sleeping with other girls. By them
completely surrendering both emotional and sexual to me.

I am, for the first times in my life, experiencing pleasure without
great suffering. I do not think that i am healed because i do not think
that i was sick to begin with. It is just the way my libido developed
together with my emotional wounds and orchestrated this show. Really
effective on the short term and addicting, but nothing more than a toxic
coping mechanism on the long term. I see it now.

I can dissociate and no longer allow it to control me.

\*Haven't masturbated for 1-2 months since this.\*

8 July -

Had a "bad" morning( jerk off, eat big meal, smoke) which usually led to
a bad day. Except it didn't. It turned out into an amazing workout and
day.

Lbp - fp pull - insta relief

7 July 2022 -

Daca n-ai chef sa faci ceva, dute fa 5 min din chestia aia si
opreste-te.

5 July 2022 -

Fa videouri misto care le vezi si iti plac tie, ai sansa sa fii
personajul principal in filmul tau. Fao pt tine in primu rand. Thats the
real pussy cox.

4 July -

Internalization of the symbolical death of my father.

Starea emotionala atunci cand cineva se ia de tine si caile tale ar
trebui sa fie ca si cum te-ar certa ca nu te antrenezi clasic si asta va
fi sfarsitul tau. Nu ai fi afectat deloc dar nici nu te-ai expune mult
situatiei, in SPECIAL nu ai pune energie sa convingi ca e ok ce faci tu.
Ce crezi.

3 July -

KS pentru paradigma - ca barbati = bad/suferinta

"Nu mi se pare corect sa trebuiasca sa lucrez inzecit... bla bla"

BOUNDARIES. Family bounderies.ultima data cand i-am permis cuiva sa ma
certe.

And the day i took full responsibility of my house.

2 July -

Speak from the bottom of your stomach. De unde izvoraste energia
masculina. Aceeasi vibratie ca si cand faci "mmmmm"

1 July -

Day-game real progress measured in:

1\. You no longer approach any girl for validation.

2\. Even in negative reaction sets, like the friend earlier, king was
unmoved and the negative energy was in her, not in me.

3\. You ask for insta strictly girls you are interested in

Taro potato sign to go to Thailand.

Imagine what you offer to the world each time you interact. Through the
eyes of the receiver. Its beautiful.

30 June -

It took several random interactions and verbal Acknowledgement of the
disperatu in a set ("Am emotii") to connect to the KING's energy.

King setted in soon after.

Presiunea parintelui exigent still there throughout the contemplation
between and before interactions.

30 June -

Cristina session:

Niciodata partea de king nu vine cu presiune.

King recunoaste alte moduri si le permite sa se manifeste. Cand simte ca
e timpul, se intoarce in el si se intreaba "what do i really want to
do?"

(Ex disperatu in bus)

Sit 5 minutes before you decide what u eat with the energy of the food
in relation to you. Reflect on it

29 June -

I needed 3-4 approaches to connect to my instinct.

28 June -

The one who abstains from what be an evil action out of fear(of God,
karma), has not really liberated himself from evil.

**Blueprints of beauty** - did they birth from Ariana?

27 June -

Falling in love is exactly like a mystical experience. You can't find it
by searching.

25 June -

Powerful revelation while Walking near my old school, Ion Creanga:

"You cannot go against your instinct(as in true nature) without great
spirit sacrifice."

How can i know which people/girls i want to approach casually and which
romantically:

Know that you do not have anything to prove by that interaction.

Then, your instinct will tell which is which.

Consider the posibility that even romantically driven approaches can
have a casual start. And vice-versa.

**25 may 2022-**

When Out in public:

1st comes the pressure to approach any potentilal girl or situation that
might validate

2nd comes the wave of instinct, after gently absorbing the energy of it,
and with it the true intent

One of the 2 scenarios happen next:

A. Not approach

1 intensifies and ignites excuses, regrets, guilt, thought of pursuing
the person/s and do it anyway

2 fades

B. Approach

1's energy is transformed in is Disperatu

(Fear of rejection + not good enough)

2's energy co-exists with it as KING.

**10 may --**

Vali tratament pt stomac:

Miere amestecat cu propolis si miere manuka

Seminte chia

Ulei masline, Ceai verde

Tinctura de ghintura -

Peste, Pelin si cuisoare -

Sticluta pt chimen

**1 May - M13 - WORKSHEET =\> PRIMUL TAU SEXT**

Esti cu spatele spre mine cand te intinzi spre raftul de sus dupa un
pahar si ma surprinzi ca mi-e blocata privirea pe fundul tau. Imi ridic
privirea si zambesti. Fara sa ma grabesc, ma ridic si ma aproprii de
tine. Imi duc mana dreapta prin parul tau, apoi iti traversez gatul,
ajung la umarul tau stang si te trag mai aproape. Esti lipita de mine
acum. Imi simti erectia si zambesti in timp ce te asezi s-o simti mai
bine, impingandu-te parca in ea. Te sarut pe gat si te miros, exact asa
cum o felina isi miroase prada, amanand sa o inceapa. Imi plimb mana in
jos pe pieptul tau, apoi pe san, pe care il strang doar ca sa-i dau
drumul imediat. Doar ca sa o mai fac o data. Cobor mana spre abdomenul
tau cand tu inspiri puternic. Ma opresc si urc din nou spre celalalt
san. Credeai ca am uitat de el?

Ador cat de tare ti-e sfarcul. Il strang usor intre doua degete in timp
ce mana mea stanga iti trage incet capul pe spate. Esti cu buzele
intre-deschise si iti musti usor din cea de jos. Nu ma gandesc la
altceva decat ca trebuie sa ti le simt. Ma risc, imi duc degetul spre
ele. Buzele sunt umede si un fior iti strabate tot corpul. Cobor din nou
spre buricul tau. Stii ca de data asta nu ma voi opri. Intalnesc
elasticul de la pantaloni. Te-am urmarit mai devreme cum te plimbai pe
aici si te-ai ridicat pe varfuri cand te-ai intins.. Iti scot in
evidenta atat de sexy si de natural formele. Abia am trecut de linia
pantalonilor si deja iti simt caldura. Ridic cu doua degete chiloteii,
facandu-mi loc sa cobor mai departe spre micul tau paradis.. sau mai
bine zis, micul meu paradis? Tresari cand simti ca ma apropii de
clitoris. Iti intorc capul spre mine si buzele noastre sunt la o clipire
distanta de a se atinge. Respiram in sincron si ne privim fix in ochi..
"De ce nu ma saruta odata?" te intrebi la fel de excitata ca mine.. Nu
apuci sa-ti dai un raspuns, cand mana mea iti intalneste clitorisul. E
mic, dar tare si umed. Il apas si tu gemi. Il indoi, sa pastrez
contactul, dar il strecor si in vagin. E cald acolo. Si foarte ud. Il
scot dupa o vreme si il bag in gura. Vrei si tu sa il gusti. Imi iei
mana si usor, il strecori printre dinti. Il astepti cu limba si asta are
efecte in tot corpul meu.. Deja erectia mea creste.. Te leg la ochi, te
apuc de mana si auzi "Hai cu mine". Nu vezi nimic, dar totusi te simti
in siguranta. Dupa cativa pasi, ne oprim si imi simti mana cum se
infasoara in jurul gatului tau, impindu-te usor in jos. Simti
asternuturile fine cum iti intalnesc partea din spate a picioarelor..
apoi fundul.. spatele.. si intr-un final.. capul. Iti ridic mainile
deasupra si apoi bluza peste sani. Sfarcurile se intaresc instant. Cu
mana stanga iti prind un san si cu buzele, sfarcul celuilalt san. Gemi
de placere! Ma joc cu limba peste el, il apuc cu buzele si il trag
usor\...

Te sarut usor, pe piept, cobor pe abdomen si ma duc\... acolo\... Iti
desfaci picioarele si ma lasi sa intru intre coapse. Plimb limba peste
tot ce intalnesc: pielea este moale si mirosul tau ma termina! Limba se
opreste pe clitoris. E mai mare ca inainte. Mai tare si mai zemos. Il
joc cu dintii, cu buzele, cu limba\... Il apuc pe tot, sau il sug si il
las sa scape. Gustul e placut. N-as putea sa spun decat ca are gust
de\... tine. Strecor limba in vagin, cat poate intra. Tu chitai si gemi
si te misti de parca te ating cu ceva fierbinte. Tu esti fierbinte! Iti
dai drumul si imi stringi capul cu coapsele. Pastrez limba pe clitoris
si simt fiecare fior ce iti strabate trupul. Din afara pare ca a intrat
dracul in tine! Inca n-a intrat. Urmeaza\... Sarutandu-te, urc spre
gura. Gura mea e fleasca.. Iti strecor limba in gura si iti prind buza
de jos cu dintii. Imi strecor mana dreapta pe sub umarul tai, iti
sprijin capul pe palma in timp ce cealalta mana urca spre mainile tale
pe care le apasa in asternut. Simt cum intru in tine.Tresari si ma
primesti. Ma tragi mai aproape incolacindu-ti picioarele in jurul
mijlocului meu. Te chinui! Am intrat dar nu ma misc deloc! Iti miros
fata, care acum miroase mai tare a tine, si simt cum vaginul tau se
contracta, tragandu-ma mai tare in tine. Stiu ca o faci intentionat. Te
musc de gat si te trag de par. Gafai si tremuri sub mine, Incep usor sa
ma misc si eu. Iti apas si iti strang tare mainile in mana mea, grabind
ritmul. Simt cum te zbati de placere. Ma ridic si parca imi iau ramas
bun, mangaindu-ti fata, sanii si bratele.. ca si cum as vrea sa le mai
simt odata. Tu mi-ai dat drumul din stransoarea picioarelor si zambesti
subtil in timp ce ma privesti parca pierduta. Ai udat tot patul! Simti
furnicaturi in maini cand le dau drumul si te intorc pe o parte. Eu sunt
inca in tine. Iti trag capul pe spate in timp ce cealalta mana te
strange tare de san si incepe sa te traga in mine. Te misti si tu exact
in acelasi timp. Suntem din nou, in perfect sincron. Gemi de durere si
de placere in acelasi timp Iti prind mai tare parul si mana urca de pe
sanul tau si se infasoara puternic in jurul gatului. Te doare, dar, per
ansamblu, senzatia de placere e muuuuult mai mare! Iti place de mori dar
ai vrea sa ma scoti din pozitia in care ai ajuns.. Te intorc pe burta si
continui sa te fut ca si cand abia m-am apucat. Ti-am prins ambele maini
la spate si sunt calare pe tine. O simti printre coapse, pana in creier.
Te trag de maini, iti ridic trunchiul, tu gemi si arunci o privire spre
mine. Iti ridic fundul si ma plasez pe tine, iesind putin si intrand din
ce in ce mai adanc. Mainile sunt in continuare la spate, esti spirjinita
pe piept si ai capul intr-o parte. Cu o mana pastrez strangerea iar cu
cealalta iti dau capui pe spate, impingandu-l in acelasi timp in pat.
Privesc cum intru si cum ies din tine. Picioarele iti tremura. Si mie
imi tremura. Insa vreau sa termin pe tine. Te intorc pe spate si iti
infig o mana in gat. Pe cealalta ti-o fixez de pat. Dau din ce in ce mai
tare, se aude acel zgomot ca si cand ai alerga in slapi uzi! Te uiti la
mine si parca vrei sa spui ceva, insa cuvintele nu pot trece de
stransoarea mainii mele. Simt ca urmeaza sa ejaculez. O scot si ma
apropii de tine. Lichidul iese in jeturi si ajunge pe buze, pe barbie,
in par.. Aceeasi fiori care te-au traversat pe tine mai devreme acum ma
traverseaza pe mine.

Ma asez peste tine si iti sarut buzele. Ciudat! Au gust si de mine, dar
si de tine. Tu razi si ma lingi la randul tau. Faptul ca acum suntem
lipiciosi te amuza. Imi strecor mainile pe sub tine si te strang la
piept. Orgasmul inca ma face sa nu-mi pot controla miscarile. Tu simti
asta, zambesti cald in timp ce iti asezi mana in parul meu, si ne topim
amandoi intr-o imbratisare...

**24 March 2022 -**

Wim hof

apa vie, din pamant

Iti tii respiratia atat de bine precum reusesti sa iti linistesti
organele

Prin wh cresti alcalinitatea si intri in stare parasimpatica

in gheata, lupta se duce cu mintea. Inversam respiratia automatica de
fight or flight cu respiratie calma, adanca.

**1 Dec 2021 -**

Retreat Menstuff - Calatoria

Day 1

1.esti acasa

2.presiunea te scoate din proces

3.connected to the difference between thinking and feeling

4.frigul inseamna ca teai deconectat de la tine

Fa fiecare conversatie si moment cu ea sa fie demn de

"ultimul moment". Nu prin fraze lungi si complicate, ci prin iubire si

prezenta.

In dinamica cu tati se activeaza puternic niste rani si

interpretez way over the sky. Exemplul visul cu mami.

Deep down, Mama mea vrea doar sa fie langa mine si sa imi

traiesc viata din abundence. Tatal meu la fel.

Day 2

Visul cu moartea mamei mele si cum pentru prima data in

viata am recunoscut legatura din pantec intre noi doi. Ruperea lui se
simtea ca

niste fulgere de simtiri ce imi patrundeau tot corpul.

Warm up then layed in snow. Felt amazing

Meditatie pre-conceptie si perioada uterina.

Recunoscut profund ranile din partea tatalui meu.

Frica pe care o simtea mama mea ca el o va parasi/va face

chestii cu care nu e de acord.

Intalnirea lor in microbus

Re-trait scena palmei din partea tatalui meu pe partea

stanga a fetei, cazut pe jos in zapada. Luat furia si puterea din pamant
si

FUCKING FOUGHT FOR MY LIFE.

Intuitie. Jocuri de conectare la intuitie.

Day 3

Met the old man waiting gracefully and without judgement and

regret at the end.

Felt some truly deep connections to other men. Felt love as

my eyes wandered across the room and met their eyes.

Ovidiu: nu incerca sa nu fii intr-un fel anume, doar fii

frate. Fii bland si rabdator cu tine.

Pasi mici

Tunelul de la final.

Received and gave.

"Ma inspiri, esti foarte puternic, iubesc cum te LUPTI

pentru ce vrei, uau ce pofta de viata, vitalitate, esti foarte sociabil"

Allow yourself to be silent when you feel to. The pressure

to always say something to be accepted is now diffused.

**1 Nov 2021 -**

**Tenerife Experience**

1st Day

Learned to ride much less painfully by pushing

constantly/fully leaning

Found a girl to climb teide with

Huge need of approval epiphany.

Released, laid on floor in public, called my parents

Out of this world connection with sebastian and dina.

Teached them the concept of letting go of attachment.

2nd day:

Had an absolutely amazing swim and connection to the water.

The teide journey

Woke up with back&leg pain, even walking was difficult.

Later the day, I made the climb of my lifetime.

When i got to Teide at 3pm, the cabin tickets were sold out

and hiking it seemed a bad idea because of difficulty and night/cold was

setting down, temperatures reaching -8 degrees with a brutal wind. So I
parked

my bike and decided to go for a little walk on the trail. I had no water
or

food as my intent was to get back to the bike by 5 pm, as cold was
coming.

But i could feel the Teide peak waiting there so

majestically, daring me to conquer it despite the circumstances. My
highest

altitude so far was around 2500m and this time a 3718m peak was waiting.
I knew

that my body is gonna really struggle with the lack of oxygen up there.

Its fascinating how the volcanic rocks absorb the all the

sound around you. Whenever i stopped, it was so peacefully quiet that i
could

hear my heartbeat and the ringing in my ears. I looked inside and
suddently, i

felt that the universe will take care of everything. It was liberating
and it

was GO time. I asked some travelers coming down to spare a little of
their

water and food. They also shared some stories and energy. But i was
getting so

tired and even more so, hardest part was yet to come as the night
settles. I

wanted to quit and go back so many times. I literally started to crawl
in my

hands and knees when i couldn't walk anymore. And walked again when i
couldn't

crawl anymore.

As i was getting closer and the oxygen levels were dropping,

i had to stop every 5 steps to catch my breath. I made it to the top by
sunset.

I embraced the possibility that i could actually die, getting down alone
at

night. With no front light, low battery and moments of dizziness from
the low

oxygen. But nature took care of me and blessed my descent with this
beautiful

moon to light my way.

Got to my bike to have the coldest ride of my life. 2 hours

with an avg speed of 30km/h because i felt that anything more would send
me in

hypothermic shock. I stopped every 5 minutes to put my hands on the
bike's

engine to warm. The wim hof breathings and constant cold exposure i've
done

lately really came into play. I was embracing it. "Cold is a tough, but
very

good teacher."

It was the most powerful hiking and mind-body experience of

my life so far. I'm so grateful for it.

3rd day-scop:

practiced etapa 1 din raportul b-f in primele 2 min din

conv.

(Little kingspeech/subtle atraction jokes)

Dissociate and see the 2 puzzles as they develop.

Do i like her?

Is she interested?

Its just a game. Play.

If i were a friend of mine, i would think of me so fucking

highly. Reflect on that. Be more gentle to yourself and your progress.

4th day scop:

practice etapa de conexiune.

VACOV- poveste despre maini, o incluzi pe ea in povestile

tale, ideea de "noi doi versus the world"

40.000 fucking steps of approaches.

5th day

Scop: give to people. Play the game.

kino. Cheia este CURAJUL.

Realized that i have absolutely amazing lips, i just have to

let them show. They change the dynamic of my whole face. Be open,
express

everything that you're feeling.

6th day

Ride to forgotten city with a girl from dg.

Kino level 2 unlocked

7th day

Free of purpose
